Description
A list of White House Visitor Record requests.
Real-time, worldwide earthquake list for the past 7 days
These data are U.S economic and military assistance by country from 1946 to 2010. This is the authoritative data set of U.S. foreign assistance. The data set is used to report U.S foreign assistance to Congress as required by the Foreign Assistance Act, Section 634.
A list of hospital ratings for the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS). HCAHPS is a national, standardized survey of hospital patients about their experiences during a recent inpatient hospital stay.
A list of all Hospitals that have been registered with Medicare. The list includes addresses, phone numbers, and hospital type.
An aggregated list of webinars regarding health reform hosted by SAMHSA or SAMHSA's stakeholders.
file provides star ratings data for each nursing home in categories such as Overall, Health Inspections, and Quality Measures.
A list of hospitals and the corresponding Outcome of Care rates for certain conditions. "Outcome of Care Measures" show what happened after patients with certain conditions received hospital care.
Now a part of the System for Awards Management (SAM) the EPLS is an electronic, web-based system that identifies those parties excluded from receiving Federal contracts, certain subcontracts, and certain types of Federal financial and non-financial assistance and benefits.  The EPLS keeps its user community aware of administrative and statutory exclusions across the entire government, and individuals barred from entering the United States.
Updated November 13, 2012. Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013. The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. By expanding the initiative to include data centers of any size, we expected the baseline to increase.  We now have a comprehensive inventory of all data centers varying in size.  Although our baseline has increased, we are still committed to consolidate over 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs at cio.gov/fdcci.
This dataset consists of the non confidential identities of chemical substances submitted under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA).  TSCA was enacted to ensure that chemicals manufactured, imported, processed, or distributed in commerce, or used or disposed of in the United States do not pose any unreasonable risks to human health or the environment.  EPA adds chemical substances to the TSCA Inventory following EPA's receipt of a Notice of Commencement (NOC) signaling the manufacturer's intent to produce a chemical substance that EPA has previously reviewed and approved. Since EPA published the final TSCA Inventory Reporting Rule on December 23, 1977, the TSCA Inventory has grown to include the identities of over 83,000 chemical substances.
An interactive dataset containing the metadata for the Data.gov raw datasets and tools catalogs.
A list of all Home Health Facilities that have been registered with Medicare. The list includes addresses, phone numbers, and quality measure ratings for each facility.
National Stock Number extract includes the current listing of National Stock Numbers (NSNs), NSN item name and descriptions, and current selling price of each product listed in GSA Advantage and managed by GSA for use by the general public.  This list contains only stocked items in the GSA Supply Chain and does not list nonstocked items.Each NSN is listed with the vendors description of the item. Some descriptions exceed the standard length and are truncated.
A database displaying the average payment by Medicare for each medical condition or surgical procedure at a hospital.
A list that provides the survey deficiencies found during the nursing home annual inspection. Categories include Health and Fire Safety.
MyPyramid Food Data provides information on the total calories; calories from solid fats, added sugars, and alcohol (extras); MyPyramid food group and subgroup amounts; and saturated fat content of over 1,000 commonly eaten foods with corresponding commonly used portion amounts. This information is key to help consumers meet the recommendations of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans and manage their weight by understanding how many calories are consumed from "extras." CNPP has created an interactive tool from this data set available on the web at MyFood-a-pedia.gov. A mobile version is coming soon to provide consumers with assistance on-the-go.
A list of Suppliers that indicates the supplies carried at that location and the supplier's Medicare participation status.
This is an hourly update of the most recent Interactive Data documents submitted under the "Interactive Data to Improve Financial Reporting" rule (Release No. 33-9002) using US GAAP as the base taxonomy.
A list of all dialysis facilities registered with Medicare that includes addresses and phone numbers, as well as services and quality of care provided.
A list that provides the three most recent health and fire safety inspection dates for each nursing home.
A list that provides general nursing home information in response to a Nursing Home Compare search.
A list of the complaint deficiencies for health and fire safety found in each nursing home.
This dataset lists all government contractors previously available under FOIA.
Number of Service members by Gender, Race, Branch
The FDIC is often appointed as receiver for failed banks. This list includes banks which have failed since October 1, 2000.
A list that provides quality measure scores achieved by each nursing home for the previous quarter.
This table contains on-time arrival data for non-stop domestic flights by major air carriers, and provides such additional items as departure and arrival delays, origin and destination airports, flight numbers, scheduled and actual departure and arrival times, cancelled or diverted flights, taxi-out and taxi-in times, air time, and non-stop distance.

Federal Logistics Information System Web Search (WebFLIS) provides essential information about supply items including the National Stock Number (NSN), the item name, manufacturers and suppliers (including part numbers), through a web interface connected to FLIS data.
A list that provides nursing home staff data produced in response to a Nursing Home Compare search.
A list that provides quality measure scores achieved by each nursing home which are averaged for the previous 3 quarters.
A list of hospitals and their quality measure ratings for surgical procedure standards of care.
The Federal CIO Council launched a government-wide Data Center Consolidation Task Force to consolidate and increase efficiencies and to help meet the overall Federal target of a minimum of 800 data center closures by 2015.  The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals.  This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies.  All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies.  The CY2010 and CY2011 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010.    The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness.  See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs ( http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).

The Local Area Unemployment Statistics (LAUS) program produces monthly and annual employment, unemployment, and labor force data for Census regions and divisions, States, counties, metropolitan areas, and many cities, by place of residence.
longitude and latitude, state, address, name, and zip code of Farmers Markets in the United States
The Office of the Historian is responsible, under law, for the preparation and publication of the official historical documentary record of U.S. foreign policy in the Foreign Relations of the United States series.  The dataset that the Office of the Historian is submitting is the feed for the latest ten volumes in the series.  Each record in the dataset contains a volume's title, year of publication, summary, and link to the online volumes. The feed will update when current volumes are edited or new volumes are published.
The Consumer Expenditure Survey (CE) program consists of two surveys, the quarterly Interview Survey and the Diary Survey, that provide information on the buying habits of American consumers, including data on their expenditures, income, and consumer unit (families and single consumers) characteristics. The survey data are collected for the Bureau of Labor Statistics by the U.S. Census Bureau.The CE collects information on all spending components including food, housing, apparel and services, transportation, entertainment, and out-of-pocket health care costs including insurance premiums.
The Consumer Price Indexes (CPI) program produces monthly data on changes in the prices paid by urban consumers for a representative basket of goods and services.
A list of hospitals and the availability of structural measures at that hospital. A structural measure reflects the environment in which providers care for patients. For example, whether or not a hospital participates in a Cardiac Surgery Registry.
Each year the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) collects work-related injury and illness data from employers within specific industry and employment size specifications. This data collection is called the OSHA Data Initiative or ODI. The data provided is used by OSHA to calculate establishment specific injury and illness incidence rates. Data is searchable online from 1996 to 2007.  2007 data can also be downloaded.  Data includes the establishment name, address, industry, and associated Total Case Rate (TCR), Days Away, Restricted, and Transfer (DART) case rate, and the Days Away From Work (DAFWII) case rate.  The data is specific to the establishments that provided OSHA with valid data through the 2008 data collection (collection of CY 2007 data). This database does not contain rates calculated by OSHA for establishments that submitted suspect or unreliable data.
A database of agencies listed by state and topic to provide you with contact information for specific organizations or help you get answers to your Medicare related questions.
A list of hospitals and their quality measure ratings related to the care of a patient having a heart attack. These measures show some of the standards of care provided, if appropriate for most adults who have had a heart attack.
The weekly reports of fatalities and catastrophes (FAT/CAT Reports) are tabulations of fatalities or catastrophes reported by OSHA Area Offices and State Plan states on an OSHA-36 form, Fatality/Catastrophe Report, to the OSHA's Directorate of Enforcement
The Residential Energy Consumption Survey (RECS), which is conducted every four years, provides national statistical survey data on the use of energy in residential housing units including physical housing unit types, appliances utilized, demographics, fuels, and other energy use information. This dataset (i.e., the full RECS dataset) is very large in size and may require specialized software to open on your computer. The file might not open completely in Excel 2003 or earlier versions. For a subset of the data pertaining only to Energy Consumption component of RECS, please go to: http://www.data.gov/details/59
Marital Status of Active Duty Forces
A list of hospitals and their quality measure ratings related to the care of a patient with heart failure. These measures show some of the standards of care provided for most adults with heart failure.
The enclosed package represents radiation data collected with the fixed-wing aircraft (C-12) from 2 April 2011 to 9 May 2011. The data were collected with an array of large thallium activated sodium iodide (NaI(T)) crystals and associated readout electronics to produce time and location referenced measurements.
A Dataset of DMEPOS Competitive Bid Suppliers

A list of hospital and their quality measure ratings of recommended treatments for patients with pneumonia.
A list displaying the state average of payments made by Medicare for each medical condition and surgical procedure.
Extraction of offense, arrest, and clearance data as well as law enforcement staffing information from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program.
A database of agencies listed by state and organization to provide you with contact information for specific organizations.

The USDA Nutrient Database for Standard Reference, Release 22 (SR22) is the major source of food composition data in the United States and provides the foundation for most public and private sector databases.  SR22 contains nutrient data for over 7,500 food items for up to 143 food components, such as vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and fatty acids.  It replaces the previous release,

Also known as Medicare Spending per Beneficiary (MSPB) Spending Breakdowns by Claim Type
Contains information about facilities or sites subject to environmental regulation, including key facility information along with associated environmental interests for use in mapping and reporting applications.
A web service that allows end-users the ability to query the current known delays in the National Airspace System as well as the current weather from NOAA by airport code.   The user can choose to receive the response in XML or JSON formats suitable for use in interactive web applications.
FEMA Disaster Declarations Summary is a summarized dataset describing all federally declared disasters. This information begins with the first disaster declaration in 1953 and features all three disaster declaration types: major disaster, emergency and fire management assistance. The dataset includes declared recovery programs and geographic areas (county not available before 1964; Fire Management records are considered partial due to historical nature of the dataset).

The National Weather Service (NWS) Storm Prediction Center (SPC) routinely collects reports of severe weather and compiles them with public access from the database called SeverePlot (Hart and Janish 1999) with a Graphic Information System (GIS).  The composite SVRGIS information is made available to the public primarily in .zip files of approximately 50MB size.  The files located at the access point contain track information regarding known tornados during the period 1950 to 2006.   Although available to all, the data provided may be of particular value to weather professionals and students of meteorological sciences.  An instructional manual is provided on how to build and develop a basic severe weather report GIS database in ArcGis and is located at the technical documentation site contained in this metadata catalog.
The Business Identification Number Cross-reference System (BINCS) is an all-in-one search engine that identifies foreign and domestic government/commercial contractors, manufacturers and suppliers. The system contains information on half a million businesses worldwide. Information in the system is cross-referenced to permit inquiry by CAGE, DUNS, company name, phone number, country, SIC code and ZIP code.
A list of hospitals and the corresponding Use of Medical Imaging ratings. These measures give you information about hospitals' use of medical imaging tests for outpatients. Medical Imaging are Tests that create images of various parts of the body to screen for or diagnose medical conditions. Examples of medical imaging include CT Scans, MRIs, and mammograms.
This feed provides readers with information about ARS technologies relating to biobased products, biotechnology, crop production, food safety & nutrition, natural resources, and animal production.
This geographic names data set provides a "mashup" of URLs for city and county web sites and city and county location data from the USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS). GNIS data includes incorporated places, census designated areas, unincorporated places, counties, and populated places.
Travel Warnings are issued to describe long-term, protracted conditions that make a country dangerous or unstable. A Travel Warning is also issued when the U.S. Government's ability to assist American citizens is constrained due to the closure of an embassy or consulate or because of a drawdown of its staff.
To assist consumers purchasing new vehicles or replacement tires, NHTSA has rated more than 4,200 lines of tires, including most used on passenger cars, minivans, SUVs and light pickup trucks using a grading system known as the Uniform Tire Quality Grading System (UTQGS). UTQGS allows consumers to compare tire tread wear, traction performance and temperature resistance.
A list of the state averages for the HCAHPS survey responses. HCAHPS is a national, standardized survey of hospital patients about their experiences during a recent inpatient hospital stay.
Child-Related Product Recalls.  CPSC is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of serious injury or death from thousands of types of consumer products.
A breakdown of California DRG Payments, graphed against their respective condition.
Locations and characteristics of world copper smelters
Mine plants and operations for commodities monitored by the Minerals Information Team of the USGS. Operations included are those considered active in 2003 and surveyed by the USGS.
Travel Alerts are issued to disseminate information about short-term conditions, generally within a particular country, that pose imminent risks to the security of U.S. citizens. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, coups, anniversaries of terrorist events, election-related demonstrations or violence, and high-profile events such as international conferences or regional sports events are examples of conditions that might generate a Travel Alert.
NCAP rates vehicles to determine crash worthiness and rollover safety. The safety ratings are gathered during controlled crash and rollover tests conducted at NHTSA's research facilities. Vehicles with a rating of five stars indicate the highest safety rating, whereas a one star indicates the lowest rating.
The Current Population Survey (CPS) is a monthly survey of households conducted by the Bureau of Census for the Bureau of Labor Statistics. It provides a comprehensive body of data on the: labor force, employment, unemployment and persons not in the labor force.
The U.S. Climate Reference Network is designed specifically to monitor national climate change with best scientific practice and adherence to the accepted principles of climate observations. USCRN  hourly temperature, precipitation, global solar radiation, and surface infrared temperature data are available in the Hourly02 file set for all stations in the network.  Hourly average relative humidity is available for most stations.
RadNet is a national network of monitoring stations that regularly collect air, precipitation, drinking water, and milk samples for analysis of radioactivity. The RadNet network, which has stations in each state, has been used to track environmental releases of radioactivity from nuclear weapons tests and nuclear accidents.  In general, data generated from RadNet provide the information base for making decisions necessary to ensure the protection of public health. The system helps EPA determine whether additional sampling or other actions are needed in response to particular releases of radioactivity to the environment. RadNet can also provide supplementary information on population exposure, radiation trends, and other aspects of releases.  The RadNet map interface provides access to near-real-time data (updated approximately hourly) on atmospheric radiation in monitoring locations.
This data set provides a collection of links to Federal, state, and local financial assistance programs that help small businesses get started or expand operations. Each program is categorized to 15 dimensions, from loan type to business activity, industry group and location.


Retail cash price of self-serve, motor vehicle No. 2 diesel fuel sold for on-highway use.
Myfoodapedia provides information on the total calories; calories from solid fats, added sugars, and alcohol (extras); MyPyramid food group and subgroup amounts; and saturated fat content of over 1,000 commonly eaten foods with corresponding commonly used portion amounts.  This information is key to help consumers meet the recommendations of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans and manage their weight by understanding how many calories are consumed from extras. CNPP has created an interactive tool from this data set available on the web at MyFood-a-pedia.gov.  A mobile version is coming soon to provide consumers with assistance on-the-go.
The individual contributions file contains each contribution from an individual to a federal committee if the contribution was at least $200.
This data extraction tool contains the non confidential identities of chemical substances submitted under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA). TSCA was enacted to ensure that chemicals manufactured, imported, processed, or distributed in commerce, or used or disposed of in the United States do not pose any unreasonable risks to human health or the environment. EPA adds chemical substances to the TSCA Inventory following EPA's receipt of a Notice of Commencement (NOC) signaling the manufacturer's intent to produce a chemical substance that EPA has previously reviewed and approved. Since EPA published the final TSCA Inventory Reporting Rule on December 23, 1977, the TSCA Inventory has grown to include the identities of over 83,000 chemical substances.
Contains selected individual income tax return data items classified by state and county.
The AHS is the largest, regular national housing sample survey in the United States. The U.S. Census Bureau conducts the AHS to obtain up-to-date housing statistics for the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).
Each month the Current Employment Statistics (CES) program surveys about 150,000 businesses and government agencies, representing approximately 390,000 individual worksites, in order to provide detailed industry data on employment, hours, and earnings of workers on nonfarm payrolls.
2007 Census of Agriculture Race, Ethnicity, and Gender Profiles contain county level census data presented by the race, ethnicity, and gender of farm operators. These profiles provide an easily referenced snapshot of U.S. county farm demographics and provide increased insight into understanding rural America. n
A list of state averages for the Outcome of Care rates for certain conditions. "Outcome of Care Measures" show what happened after patients with certain conditions received hospital care.
Provides US Federal Spending by agency. The Contracts section allows searching for data relating to all Federal contracts. There are three main categories of searches: by contractor, by location, and by contracting agency. The Purchase section allows users to view purchase cards spending of various federal agencies for each fiscal year. The data available on this website are extracted from the report published once every quarter on the GSA SmartPay website. The GSA SmartPay receives this data directly from the banks that issued the purchase cards.
CSV format download containing the metadata for the Data.gov raw datasets and tools catalogs.
Extraction of offense, arrest, and clearance data as well as law enforcement staffing information from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program.
The value of mineral production by state in the United States. The data represent commodities covered by the Minerals Information Team of the U.S. Geological Survey.
A listing of hearings completion data by name of individual administrative law judges (ALJ) for all ALJs in ODAR.  The data includes hearing office name, total dispositions, decisions, allowances, denials and fully favorable or partially favorable decisions.
The International Labor Comparisons (ILC) program provides international comparisons of hourly compensation costs; productivity and unit labor costs; labor force, employment and unemployment rates; and consumer prices. The comparisons relate primarily to the major industrial countries, but other countries are included in certain measures. Because statistical concepts and methods vary from country to country, international comparisons of statistical data can be misleading.
Aggregate retirement data of annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employees and survivor annuitants. Geographic distribution by state and territory.
Contains all county level in-migration flows in the U.S. between Calendar Year 2007-2008.
The FDIC's Institution Directory (ID) download file provides a list of all FDIC-insured institutions. The file includes demographic information related to the institution such as locational detail (name, city state, etc) and operating status (active, inactive, bank class, etc). The download file also contains key financial information reported by the FDIC-insured institution.
The American Time Use Survey (ATUS) measures the amount of time people spend doing various activities, such as paid work, childcare, volunteering, and socializing.
A list of Suppliers that indicates the supplies carried at that location and the supplier's Medicare participation status.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day.  The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR

The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) has assessed undiscovered oil and natural gas potential for 212 geological provinces throughout the world as part of the US Oil and Gas Assessment, Circum-Arctic Oil and Gas Resource Appraisal and World Energy Assessment
Rent estimates at the 50th percentile (or median) are calculated for all Fair Market Rent areas. Fair Market Rents (FMRs) are primarily used to determine payment standard amounts for the Housing Choice Voucher program, to determine initial renewal rents for some expiring project-based Section 8 contracts, to determine initial rents for housing assistance payment (HAP) contracts in the Moderate Rehabilitation Single Room Occupancy program (Mod Rehab), and to serve as a rent ceiling in the HOME rental assistance program. FMRs are gross rent estimates.  They include the shelter rent plus the cost of all tenant-paid utilities, except telephones, cable or satellite television service, and internet service. The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) annually estimates FMRs for 530 metropolitan areas and 2,045 nonmetropolitan county FMR areas.  Under certain conditions, as set forth in the Interim Rule (Federal Register Vol. 65, No. 191, Monday October 2, 2000, pages 58870-58875), these 50th percentile rents can be used to set success rate payment standards.
Summary financial information about campaigns for U.S. Senate, U.S. House of Representatives, and President of the United States
A list of all Hospitals that have been registered with Medicare. The list includes addresses, phone numbers, and hospital type.
Contains selected individual income tax return data items classified by state and county.
Toxics Release Inventory Data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities. The data contained in this dataset is TRI's Current Data, which is updated several times per year to reflect the latest report revisions and withdrawals that are received from TRI facilities. The Current Data differs from TRI's National Analysis data, which is a static dataset that is generally released in December of each year, and TRI Preliminary Data, which is released soon after the July 1st reporting deadline (see http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/index.html). More information about the TRI Reporting Cycle can be found at http://www.epa.gov/tri/triprogram/bussinesscycle/busprocess.html
The national average for their outcome of care for certain conditions. "Outcome of Care Measures" show what happened after patients with certain conditions received hospital care.
Now a part of the System for Awards Management (SAM), the EPLS is an electronic, web-based system that identifies those parties excluded from receiving Federal contracts, certain subcontracts, and certain types of Federal financial and non-financial assistance and benefits.  The EPLS keeps its user community aware of administrative and statutory exclusions across the entire government, and individuals barred from entering the United States.
VetPop2007 is VA's latest official estimate and projection of the veteran population and their characteristics from 4/1/2000 to 9/30/2036, projected as of 9/30/2006.  This dataset contains the estimate and projection at the county level by gender and 4 year age group.  There is one record for each unique combination of county, gender and age group with the corresponding number of veterans estimated or projected for each of the years from 4/1/2000 to 9/30/2036.
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above.  And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal.  Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal.  That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers.  This update also reflects a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. 
 
This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2012 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals.  As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
The DataFerrett tool is used to search American Community Survey Public Use Microdata, Current Population Survey (CPS), CPS supplemental surveys,  Survey of Income and Program Participation (SIPP), SIPP Topical Module surveys, Survey of Program Dynamics, the American Housing Survey, National Survey of Fishing, Hunting, and Wildlife Associated Recreation, The New York City Housing and Vacancy Survey, and Local Employment Dynamics.  It is an online analytically oriented, self-service tool designed to deliver a wide variety of population, health, economic, geographic and housing information about the United States to individuals, businesses, governments, and organizations. This tool provides easy access to accurate, relevant, and timely information that supports learning, facilitates decision-making, empowers individuals, and strengthens communities.
This dataset, released by DoD, contains geographic information for major installations, ranges, and training areas in the United States and its territories.  This release integrates site information about DoD installations, training ranges, and land assets in a format which can be immediately put to work in commercial geospatial information systems.  Homeland Security/Homeland Defense, law enforcement, and readiness planners will benefit from immediate access to DoD site location data during emergencies.  Land use planning and renewable energy planning will also benefit from use of this data.  Users are advised that the point and boundary location datasets are intended for planning purposes only, and do not represent the legal or surveyed land parcel boundaries.

Portal and back-end services that provide access to an inventory of over 200,000 geographic data sets for the United States. Links in metadata support access to the data for visualization or download.
Contains selected individual income tax return data items classified by state and county.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Operational Hydrologic Remote Sensing Center (NOHRSC) provides comprehensive snow observations, analyses, data sets and map products.  Available to all, these products specifically support a wide variety of government and private-sector applications in water resource management, disaster and emergency preparedness, weather and flood forecasting, agriculture, transportation, and commerce.
Provides national statistical survey data on the use of energy in residential housing units including physical housing unit types, appliances utilized, demographics, fuels, and other energy use information. This data set features a subset of the full RECS data set and includes data on energy consumption. To view the complete dataset, you may require specialized software on your computer that is designed for manipulating large files. The file might not open completely in Excel 2003 or earlier versions. The complete dataset can be downloaded at: http://www.data.gov/details/10
EIA's State Energy Data System (SEDS) is a comprehensive data set that consists of annual time series estimates of State-level energy use by major economic sectors, energy production and and State-level energy price and expenditure data. Data are presented in physical units, BTUs, and dollars.
A data set that combines data from 5 national Surveys of Public Participation in the Arts (1982, 1985, 1992, 2002, and 2008)
Downloadable database file (CSV) that contains statistics on four feed grains (corn, grain sorghum, barley, and oats), foreign coarse grains (feed grains plus rye, millet, and mixed grains), hay, and related items. This is the data behind a corresponding interactive query and reporting tool. Tables previously published annually in the Feed Yearbook are available and updated continuously as data are added to the database.
This school based assessment provides descriptive data on the educational outcomes of U.S. fourth- and eighth-graders in mathematics and science as well as factors that may be related to achievement in these subject areas. In addition to the assessment, background data is collected from students, their teachers, and schools. TIMSS has been administered every four years since 1995. The United States is one of 57 countries that participated in the study in 2007.
A list of individuals and entities that have been denied export privileges. Any dealings with a party on this list that would violate the terms of its denial order is prohibited. This list is not meant to stand alone.  It should be used in combination with the Export Administration Regulations including the Unverified List (BIS), Entity List (GPO), Specially Designated Nationals List (Treasury), Debarred List (State) and Nonproliferation Sanctions List (State).
RSS Feed of Aviation Safety News from the NTSB
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), in cooperation with the States, biennially collects information regarding the generation, management, and final disposition of hazardous wastes regulated under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 (RCRA), as amended. Collection, validation and verification of the Biennial Report (BR) data is the responsibility of RCRA authorized states and regions. EPA does not modify the data reported by the states or regions. Any questions regarding the information reported for a RCRA handler should be directed to the state agency or region responsible for the BR data collection.BR is a national program that collects data on the generation, management and minimization or hazardous waste. BR captures detailed data on the generation of hazardous waste from large quantity generators and data on waste management practices from treatment, storage and disposal facilities. These data are collected every other year and provide the ability to perform trend analysis.
"FEMA NFHL" is a general application that provides for the display of flood hazard zones, floodways, Coastal Barrier Resources System and Otherwise Protected Area units, community boundaries and names, base flood elevations, cross sections and coastal transects and their labels, hydraulic and flood control structures, and Flood Insurance Rate Map and Letter of Map Revision boundaries and numbers. Additional reference layers include the status of NFHL data availability, point locations for Letters of Map Amendment (LOMAs) and Letters of Map Revision Based on Fill (LOMR-Fs), Q3 base flood, and sub-basin hydrologic units. You control the information displayed by turning layers on and off. A basic knowledge of Google Earth and FEMA flood hazard information will help users of this application.  The name of each layer is hyperlinked to a description of the layer, the map symbols used for the layer, and links to other FEMA web sites relevant to the layer. If a layer is turned on, clicking the text below the name of the layer (text that starts with "Draws at...") zooms the Google Earth view to a sample display of the layer. Layers are organized for display at one or more of three "eye altitude" (map scale) ranges in Google Earth: status maps and subbasins at high altitudes, regional overviews of flood hazards at medium altitudes, and detailed flood hazard maps at low altitudes. Click on the hyperlinked folder name of the application to see the altitudes at which data in the layers are displayed.
The national average for the HCAHPS survey categories. HCAHPS is a national, standardized survey of hospital patients about their experiences during a recent inpatient hospital stay.
The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance is a government-wide compendium of Federal programs, projects, services, and activities that provide assistance or benefits to the American public. It contains financial and nonfinancial assistance programs administered by departments and establishments of the Federal government. CFDA provides a full listing of all Federal programs available to State and local governments (including the District of Columbia); federally-recognized Indian tribal governments; Territories (and possessions) of the United States; domestic public, quasi- public, and private profit and nonprofit organizations and institutions; specialized groups; and individuals.
Listing of U.S. Government recreation sites and facilities Contains extract of raw recreation data in XML format from recdata.gov
State averages of several home health agency quality measures for Home Health Facilities.

The Occupational Employment Statistics (OES) program produces employment and wage estimates for over 800 occupations. These are estimates of the number of people employed in certain occupations, and estimates of the wages paid to them. Self-employed persons are not included in the estimates. These estimates are available for the nation as a whole, for individual States, and for metropolitan and nonmetropolitan areas; national occupational estimates for specific industries are also available.
The National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) Series, previously called the National Crime Survey (NCS), has been collecting data on personal and household victimization through an ongoing survey of a nationally-representative sample of residential addresses since 1972. The NCVS was designed with four primary objectives: (1) to develop detailed information about the victims and consequences of crime, (2) to estimate the number and types of crimes both reported and not reported to the police, (3) to provide uniform measures of selected types of crimes, and (4) to permit comparisons over time and types of areas. The survey categorizes crimes as "personal" or "property." Personal crimes include rape and sexual assault, robbery, aggravated and simple assault, and purse-snatching/pocket-picking, while property crimes include burglary, theft, motor vehicle theft, and vandalism. Each respondent is asked a series of screen questions designed to determine whether she or he was victimized during the six-month period preceding the interview. A "household respondent" is also asked to report on crimes against the household as a whole (e.g., burglary, motor vehicle theft). The data include type of crime, month, time, and location of the crime, relationship between victim and offender, characteristics of the offender, self-protective actions taken by the victim during the incident and results of those actions, consequences of the victimization, type of property lost, whether the crime was reported to police and reasons for reporting or not reporting, and offender use of weapons, drugs, and alcohol. Basic demographic information such as age, race, gender, and income is also collected, to enable analysis of crime against various subpopulations.
A list of the prevention activities being taken by States with Prevention Public Health Fund established by the Affordable Care Act.
This dataset has detailed information about every Medicare and Medicaid-certified nursing home in the country. It also has Chain providers information (Multi-nursing home chains have two or more homes under one ownership or operation).
Through the PA Program (CDFA Number 97.036), FEMA provides supplemental Federal disaster grant assistance for debris removal, emergency protective measures, and the repair, replacement, or restoration of disaster-damaged, publicly owned facilities and the facilities of certain Private Non-Profit (PNP) organizations. The PA Program also encourages protection of these damaged facilities from future events by providing assistance for hazard mitigation measures during the recovery process. FEMA is very active in rebuilding communities through public facilities as well as individual homes and property. This dataset lists all public assistance recipients (subgrantees) and a summary of the funded program support.
NWIS supports the acquisition, processing, storage and dissemination of information about water quantity and quality collected at over 1.5 million sites around the U.S. As a long-term database and information delivery system, NWIS provides continual access to data collected over the last 100+ years, as well as real-time data on streamflow, etc.
This dataset lists all government contractors previously available under FOIA.
Current and historical GDP, GDI,  and National Income and Product Accounts tables.
Provides metadata, including taxonomy facet terms, for SAMHSA publications.
FedBizOpps is the single government point-of-entry for solicitations of any dollar amount and for required synopsis over $25,000, allowing commercial business suppliers and government buyers to post, search, monitor, and retrieve opportunities in federal government markets.  FBO now includes the functionality of the Federal Technical Data Solutions (FedTeDS) which allows agencies to securely disseminate sensitive acquisition-related technical data for solicitations to approved business partners.
State averages of common dialysis quality measures.
U.S. and state tomato data include acreage, yield, production, price and value broken out by fresh and processing. Covers monthly retail and grower prices and price indexes, U.S. trade volume and value, and agricultural chemical use. Also includes world area, production, producer price, and trade by country.
The National Weather Service (NWS) supports the Community Collaborative Rain, Hail and Snow (CoCoRaHS) network.  CoCoRaHS is a unique, non-profit, community-based network of volunteers of all ages and backgrounds working together to measure and map precipitation (rain, snow and hail). The network has over 6,500 observers in 26 states. Once trained, volunteers collect data using standardized, low cost measuring tools such as a 4-inch diameter high capacity rain gage, snow boards to measure snow, and aluminum foil-wrapped Styrofoam hail pads in some states. This site has been compiled by NWS and contains the results of the observations and data collection activities of these volunteers across a broad swath of the United States.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Green Vehicle Guide provides vehicle ratings based on emissions and fuel economy. The downloadable data are available in text or spreadsheet (XLS) formats.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day.  The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
Recalls and product safety news.  CPSC is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of serious injury or death from thousands of types of consumer products.

Provides recipient and disbursement information each quarter for the Direct Loan and Federal Family Education Loan Programs by postsecondary school.
Official Development Assistance (ODA) is defined by international agreement under the Development Assistance Committee at the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD/DAC) . These U.S. ODA statistics provide details of U.S Official Development Assistance by country and implementing agency as reported to the OECD/DAC.
Real-time, worldwide earthquake list for the past 7 days
Detailed listing of Freedom of Information Act requests made by members of the public to the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Staff.
Contains all state-level in-migration flows in the U.S. between  Calendar Year 2007-2008.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The EUAS application is a web based system which serves Energy Center of Expertise, under the Office of Facilitates Management and Service Programs.  EUAS is used for tracking energy details for various energy sources namely electricity, natural gas, oil, chilled water, steam and renewable energy.
National survey that collects data from a sample of the resident population in the United States. Housing units in every county in the United States and municipio in Puerto Rico. The sample also includes institutional and non-institutional group quarters.
Agencies annually report motor vehicle fleet data using the Federal Automotive Statistical Tool (FAST), a web-based reporting tool cosponsored by GSA and the Department of Energy. The annual Federal Fleet Report publishes motor vehicle fleet inventory, cost, and use data from these annual submissions, and the resulting data tables are available in these datasets.
Ten million archive images of the Earth's surface are available for immediate selection and free download via the USGS Earth Resources Observation and Science (EROS) Center's Global Visualization Viewer at http://glovis.usgs.gov/.  Users can preview thumbnail browse images and download full-image selections from 1.5 million aerial photos of U.S. sites and 8.5 million images captured worldwide by U.S. Earth-observing satellites.
The dataset  contains current data on low rent and Section 8 units in PHA's administered by HUD.  The Section 8 Rental Voucher Program increases affordable housing choices for very low-income households by allowing families to choose privately owned rental housing.  Through the Section 8 Rental Voucher Program, the administering housing authority issues a voucher to an income-qualified household, which then finds a unit to rent. If the unit meets the Section 8 quality standards, the PHA then pays the landlord the amount equal to the difference between 30 percent of the tenant's adjusted income (or 10 percent of the gross income or the portion of welfare assistance designated for housing) and the PHA-determined payment standard for the area. The rent must be reasonable compared with similar unassisted units.
The Aerometric Information Retrieval System (AIRS) widget allows users to enter a specific location and retrieve facilities in the area of interest that produce air emissions as reported by the Aerometric Information Retrieval System (AIRS).
This small datasets is an extraction from an authoritative US Army G1 (Manpower) TRIFOLD, that identifies, by percentage, the ethnic breakdown of the US Army uniformed members.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The dataset includes fiscal year data for initial claims for SSA disability benefits that were referred to a state agency for a disability determination.  Specific data elements for each year and state include receipts, determinations, eligible population, and favorable determination rates.
Conflicts Without Borders, which visualizes conflict in Africa as sub-national and transnational areas of armed conflict, inter-communal strife, and political violence that occurred in the first seven months of 2009.  Areas of conflict were drawn around locations of reported conflict incidents in 2009, as well as around concentrations of internally displaced persons inside affected countries and cross-border rebel bases and refugee camps in neighboring countries.
HUD's Real Estate Assessment Center conducts physical inspections of properties that are owned, insured or subsidized by HUD, including public housing and multifamily assisted housing.   About 20,000 such inspections are conducted each year to ensure that assisted families have housing that is decent, safe, sanitary and in good repair.  The Physical Inspection Scores datasets provide a full historical view of the results of those inspections, providing point-in-time property scores.   Results are available for download as a comma-delimited dataset.  Separate datasets are available for public housing and for multifamily assisted properties.  The results represent the inspections conducted from 2001 through September 2009.  The datasets include property identifiers and location information.
The purpose of the CCD nonfiscal surveys is to provide a listing of all schools and agencies providing free public elementary and secondary education, along with basic descriptive statistical information on each school and agency listed. Penalties apply for misuse, see http://nces.ed.gov/ncesglobal/data_usage_agreement.asp for more details.
Each month the Current Employment Statistics (CES) program surveys about 150,000 businesses and government agencies, representing approximately 390,000 individual worksites, in order to provide detailed industry data on employment, hours, and earnings of workers on nonfarm payrolls for all 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and over 300 metropolitan areas and divisions.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate SW Atlantic and Carribean Sea Offshore Waters Forecasts.
This geospatial rendering of weather radar sites gives access to an historical archive of Terminal Doppler Weather Radar data and is used primarily for research purposes. The archived data includes base data and derived products of the National Weather Service (NWS) Weather Surveillance Radar 88 Doppler (WSR-88D) next generation (NEXRAD) weather radar.  Weather radar detects the three meteorological base data quantities: reflectivity, mean radial velocity, and spectrum width.  From these quantities, computer processing generates numerous meteorological analysis products for forecasts, archiving and dissemination.  There are 159 operational  NEXRAD radar systems deployed throughout the United States and at selected overseas locations.  At the Radar Operations Center (ROC) in Norman OK, personnel from the NWS, Air Force, Navy, and FAA use this distributed weather radar system to collect the data needed to warn of impending severe weather and possible flash floods; support air traffic safety and assist in the management of air traffic flow control; facilitate resource protection at military bases; and optimize the management of water, agriculture, forest, and snow removal.  This data set is jointly owned by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Federal Aviation Administration, and Department of Defense.
The national averages for critical quality measures of Home Health Facilities.
The OCC's quarterly report on bank derivatives activities and trading revenues is based on Call Report information provided by all insured U.S. commercial banks and trust companies, as well as on other published financial data.
The NTSB aviation accident database contains information about civil aviation accidents and selected incidents within the United States, its territories and possessions, and in international waters.
Contains information regarding wildlife strikes on aircraft either in the air or on the ground.
Titles within the NTIS Collection represent billions of dollars in research. This data from NTIS contains metadata corresponding to items added to the NTIS Collection over the past five years. Metadata content corresponds to research reports, computer products, software, video cassettes, audio cassettes and more. Data includes such fields as Title, Author, Source Agency, Document Type, Page Count, Category Code, as well as a link to NTIS' online ordering system for those who wish to purchase the title directly from NTIS. Users can also access the NTIS Website at www.ntis.gov to search, identify and purchase items within the NTIS Collection of more than 3,000,000 products.
Congressional lobbying registrations (LD-1) and reports (LD-2) filed by lobbying firms and organizations based on Senate filings.
The Debt Position and Activity Report shows the current and historical debt position of the U.S. Department of the Treasury in relation to debt held by the public, intragovernmental holdings, and statutory debt limit. Issue and redemption activity are also provided in this report.
The Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages (QCEW) program publishes a quarterly count of employment and wages reported by employers covering 98 percent of U.S. jobs, available at the county, MSA, state and national levels by industry.
Quick Stats is the National Agricultural Statistics Service's online, self-service tool to access complete results from the 1997, 2002, and 2007 Censuses of Agriculture. The census collects data on all commodities produced on U.S. farms and ranches, as well as detailed information on expenses, income, and operator characteristics.
Contains all state-level out-migration flows in the U.S. between Calendar Year 2007-2008.
The comprehensive Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Inventory for the Federal Government accounts for emissions associated with Federal operations in FY 2010. Attached files provide summaries of the FY 2010 aggregate Federal Government and individual agency Scope 1,2 and 3 emissions. The inventories are broken into two data sets: one set of GHG emissions subject to reduction targets, and a separate data set of military operations, law enforcement, and other emissions not subject to reduction targets.
An XML file containing FY 2011 NSF funding rates for competitive research proposals by organizational unit.  The funding rate is calculated by dividing the number of awards by the number of awards and declines.
Contains bibliographic data for the Geothermal Technologies Collection providing access to Department of Energy sponsored current and historical full-text reports plus journal literature and documents from other governments, state agencies and organizations and the geothermal industry.  Default request returns first fifteen records.  See Technical Documentation for instructions on obtaining additional records.  This data service allows the downloading of bibliographic records in formats that can be used to load the records into other databases or search tools.  To search the Geothermal Technologies Legacy Collection, use the Agency Program Page below.  The Geothermal Technologies Subject Portal is sponsored by the Geothermal Technologies Program, DOE Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE), and is developed and maintained by the DOE Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI).
This file contains historical budget authority and offsetting receipts for 1976 through the current budget year, as well as four years of projections. It can be used to reproduce many of the totals published in the Budget and examine unpublished details below the levels of aggregation published in the Budget.
A database displaying the average payment by Medicare for each medical condition or surgical procedure at a hospital.
Weekly retail gasoline prices by PADD and for selected states and cities.  This dataset includes only an aggregate of all grades.
The Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP, CFDA Number: 97.039) provides grants to States and local governments to implement long-term hazard mitigation measures after a major disaster declaration.  The purpose of HMGP is to reduce the loss of life and property due to natural disasters and to enable mitigation measures to be implemented during the immediate recovery from a disaster. This dataset lists all HMGP Projects stored in the National Emergency Management Information System (NEMIS), some of which are historical entries.
XML extractable listing of US Gov't Recreation sites
The Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS) program produces data on job openings, hires, and separations.
The National Weather Service Storm Prediction Center (SPC) provides daily RSS feeds summarizing today's latest information about tornado and severe thunderstorm watches, mesoscale discussions, convective day 1-3 outlooks, and fire weather outlooks.  Although available to all, the data provided may be of particular value to weather professionals and students of meteorological sciences.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. n nThe current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
The Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) was created by the OECD member countries in 1997 to produce direct assessments of student performance, on a regular basis in an efficient, timely and cost-effective manner; and to provide more relevant and powerful indicators of human capital. PISA produces assessments of reading literacy, mathematical literacy, scientific literacy and a growing range of cross-curricular competencies among 15-year-olds in school. The dataset contains the anonymised records from the over 450,000 students in 65 countries who were sampled and took the PISA assessments. The records include background information about the studetns as well as thier motivations and learning styles. Background information on the schools attended by the students including school level policies and practices is included in the dataset.
The Injuries, Illnesses, and Fatalities (IIF) program provides data on illnesses and injuries on the job and data on worker fatalities.
The Compensation and Pension by County dataset is a count of the number of veterans receiving disability compensation or pension payments from the Department of Veterans Affairs.  nThe data is reported at the county level, by age group and by % disability rating for each state plus recipients in Guam, Philippines and Puerto Rico.  n
This dataset has detailed information about individuals or organizations with ownership interest or affiliations with Nursing Home providers.
MODIS (or Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer) is a key instrument aboard the Terra (EOS AM) and Aqua (EOS PM) satellites. Terra's orbit around the Earth is timed so that it passes from north to south across the equator in the morning, while Aqua passes south to north over the equator in the afternoon. Terra MODIS and Aqua MODIS are viewing the entire Earth's surface every 1 to 2 days, acquiring data in 36 spectral bands, or groups of wavelengths (see MODIS Technical Specifications). This map shows the temperature of Earth's lands during the nighttime. Temperature is a measure of how warm or cold an object is. During the day, the Sun's rays warm Earth's lands. At night, the lands typically cool off. Landscapes cool off at night because they release their warmth to air above while they are no longer receiving sunlight. Scientists can measure the temperature of Earth's lands from space using instruments carried on satellites. Scientists want to know the land's temperature for many important reasons. For example, in places where it is too hot or too cold food crops may die. Temperature also influences weather and climate patterns. So, mapping the temperature of Earth's lands helps scientists to better understand our world.  The colors on these maps represent temperature patterns of the top millimeter (or skin) of the land surface including bare land, snow or ice cover, urban areas, and cropland or forest canopy as observed by MODIS in clear-sky conditions for the time period indicated. Yellow shows the warmest temperatures (up to 45°C) and light blue shows the coldest temperatures (down to -25°C). Black means "no data."
This school based assessment provides descriptive data on the educational outcomes of U.S. fourth- and eighth-graders in mathematics and science as well as factors that may be related to achievement in these subject areas. In addition to the assessment, background data is collected from students, their teachers, and schools. TIMSS has been administered every four years since 1995. The United States is one of 57 countries that participated in the study in 2007.
The Meat, Poultry and Egg Product Inspection Directory is a listing of establishments that produce meat, poultry, and/or egg products regulated by USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) pursuant to the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act.  The directory is updated monthly, and the current edition replaces all previous editions.
History of Economic Forecasts
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. GPO's Federal Digital System (FDsys) contains Federal Register issues from 1994 to the present.  n nThe current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
Business Employment Dynamics is a set of statistics generated from the Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages, or ES-202, program. These quarterly data series consist of gross job gains and gross job losses statistics from 1992 forward. These data help to provide a picture of the dynamic state of the labor market.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. n nThe current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
Contains all county level out-migration flows in the U.S. between Calendar Year 2007-2008.
Operating capacity of nuclear reactors over the last one year.
Number of Reserve/Guard by state (assigned unit)
Provides GIS overlays for current weather radar results
The FDIC's Summary of Deposits (SOD) download file contains deposit data for branches and offices of all FDIC-insured institutions. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) collects deposit balances for commercial and savings banks as of June 30 of each year, and the Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS) collects the same data for savings institutions. Data are collected annually.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. n nThe current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
Non-summarized population counts of horses and burros located in Herd Management Areas controlled by DOI.
The dataset is revised and expanded from 4 to 71 data fields.  It includes monthly data from October 2000 onwards for SSA disability cases that were referred to the state agency for a disability determination.  When first released, initial claims information was available, but now new information is included on reconsideration and continuing disability review cases, with breakouts by claim title (SSDI, SSI) for each case type.  Specific data elements for each state are receipts, end of month pending  counts, decisions, and the number of decisions which were allowances.
The National Compensation Survey (NCS) provides comprehensive measures of occupational wages; employment cost trends, and benefit incidence and detailed plan provisions. Detailed occupational earnings are available for metropolitan and non-metropolitan areas, broad geographic regions, and on a national basis. The index component of the NCS (ECI) measures changes in labor costs. Average hourly employer cost for employee compensation is presented in the ECEC.
FARS is a steady state crash data collection and analysis program. It was implemented to improve the availability of data needed for improving vehicle safety performance and reducing deaths related to vehicles in transport. The Agency's goal is to reduce fatal injuries resulting from motor vehicle crashes to a rate of 1.0 fatalities per 100M VMT from the current rate of 1.5. It is the only national census data system for fatal vehicle crashes. FARS is extensively referenced to support legislation, enforcement and education programs designed to reduce injury and property damage resulting from motor vehicle crashes. The FARS data are used by virtually all traffic safety professionals and other customers interested in traffic safety including: Congress, NHTSA, USDOT, State agencies, the automotive industry, the insurance industry, advocacy groups, international users, and the general public. The FARS data support customers' most significant programs that address traffic safety. It is the basis for the Agency's traffic safety grants to the States for programs such as the Impaired Driver Program. FARS collects State level data for analysis of traffic safety crashes to identify problems and evaluate countermeasures designed to reduce injuries and property damage resulting from motor vehicle crashes. The data are used for agency rulemaking and targeting grant money to areas most in need. The types of data collected can be used specifically to conduct research on ways to remediate problems such as alcohol involvement, vehicle types, weather and road conditions, seat belt use, car seats, air bags. The program provides analytical data and information to the public through various media, including the program's web services. The program is able to target data collections to respond to the most recent Congressional interest and mandates for new data. The Information Technology component provides for support for operations and maintenance of the program's data collection application, client server platform, and communications network that is consistent with the Agency's architecture and standards. Without the FARS program and data, many of the legislative actions, enforcement, and education programs designed to save lives and reduce traffic safety related injuries and property damage could not be targeted, affected, or enacted.
Dataset on new URL shortening service called 1.USA.gov. 1.USA.gov automatically creates .gov URLs whenever you use bitly to shorten a URL that ends in .gov or .mil. We created this service to make it easy for people to know when a short URL will lead to official, and trustworthy, government information.
The national average for process of care measures (how often a healthcare provider gives recommended care).
Extraction of bias-motivated offense data from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day.  The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
National scope of NAWQA water-quality sample- and laboratory-result data and other supporting information obtained from NWIS systems hosted by individual Water Science Centers as well as national BioTDB system for aquatic biological data on communities and habitats and stored in a centralized NAWQA Data Warehouse (DWH)
The Disaggregated Futures-Only Commitments of Traders dataset provides a breakdown of each week's open interest for agriculture, energy, metals, lumber, and emissions futures markets in which 20 or more traders hold positions equal to or above the reporting levels established by the CFTC.  Open interest is reported separately by reportable and non-reportable positions for Producer/Merchant/Processor/User, Swap Dealers, Managed Money. and Other Reportables holdings, including spreading, changes from the previous report, percents of open interest by category, and numbers of traders.  Agriculture futures market data is also grouped by crop year, where appropriate, and shows the concentration of positions held by the largest four and eight traders.
National survey that collects data from a sample of the resident population in the United States. Housing units in every county in the United States and municipio in Puerto Rico, including institutional and non-institutional group quarters, are included in the sample.
Weekly retail gasoline prices by grade and by formulation, by PADD and for selected states and cities.
This data set reveals Army suicide rates for full time soldiers, reservists and national guard soldiers serving full time at the time of the event; and reservists and national guard soldiers on duty at the time of the incident.
The Office of Personnel Management is the focal point for providing statistical information about the Federal civilian workforce.  To satisfy customer's need for workforce data, FedScope was launched in the fall of 2000.  This online tool allows customers to access and analyze the most popular data elements from OPM's Central Personnel Data File (CPDF)/Enterprise Human Resources Integration (EHRI).  Customers include Federal government agencies, researchers, the media, and the general public.  This self-service tool provides access to 5 years worth of employment, accession, and separation data.  Access to detail level data is provided while protecting employee privacy and CPDF security.
This file contains historical outlays and offsetting receipts for 1962 through the current budget year, as well as four years of projections. It can be used to reproduce many of the totals published in the Budget and examine unpublished details below the levels of aggregation published in the Budget.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This data set provides a collection of Federal, state and local licenses, permits and registrations small businesses need to operate.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National School Lunch Program (NSLP) is a federally assisted meal program operating in public and nonprofit private schools and residential child care institutions. It provides nutritionally balanced, low-cost or free lunches to children each school day.  Information in this dataset consists of participation, lunches served, cash payments provided to states, and cost of commodities.
This file contains directory information for every institution in the 2010 IPEDS universe.  Includes name, address, city, state and zipcode.  Identifies institutions as currently active, institutions that participate in Title IV federal financial aid programs for which IPEDS is mandatory.  It also includes variables derived from the 2010 Institutional Characteristics survey, such as control and level of institution, highest level and highest degree offered and carnegie classifications.

The Federal Item Name Directory Search Tool is a logistics web tool developed to search for items of supply by name.  Federal Item Name Directory provides item name data for the development and maintenance of item identifications within the Federal Catalog System.  The tool provides 4 options to search the H6 directory: Keyword, Federal Supply Class (FSC), Federal Item Identification Guide (FIIG), and Item Name Code (INC).  The result data is displayed, providing all related data elements.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2000 estimates of health insurance coverage by age at the state and county levels.
ACToR is a tool for searching a data warehouse containing data on chemicals of environmental concern, aggregated from several hundred publicly available sources, many developed by the U.S. government. Data has been extracted from a variety of non-compatible formats and compiled to allow look-across chemical-by-chemical or data source by data source. Data can be searched by a variety of chemical names and codes as well as by chemical structure.
A list of all Home Health Facilities that have been registered with Medicare. The list includes addresses, phone numbers, and quality measure ratings for each facility.
To assist consumers purchasing child safety seats, NHTSA has rated car seats which meet Federal Safety Standards and strict crash performance standards. While all rates seats are safe, they do differ in their ease of use in the following four basic categories: n1. Evaluation of Instructions n2. Evaluation of Labels n3. Vehicle Installation Features n4. Securing the Child n
The National Weather Service (NWS) Storm Prediction Center (SPC) routinely collects reports of severe weather and compiles them with public access from the database called SeverePlot (Hart and Janish 1999) with a Geographic Information System (GIS).  The composite SVRGIS information is made available to the public primarily in .zip files of approximately 50MB size.  The files located at the access point contain composite track information regarding tornados, large hail, and damaging winds for the period 1950-2006.  Although available to all, the data provided may be of particular value to weather professionals and students of meteorological sciences.  An instructional manual is provided on how to build and develop a basic severe weather report GIS database in ArcGis and is located at the technical documentation site contained in this metadata catalog.
AMS works to maintain a current listing of farmers markets throughout the United States. Market information is provided to AMS from various sources including state farmers market associations, state departments of Agriculture and Farmers market managers. The farmers market database is updated annually.
Treasury Real Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Real Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or R-CMTs. Real yields on Treasury TIPS (Treasury Inflation Protected Securities) at "constant maturity" are interpolated by the U.S. Treasury from Treasury's daily real yield curve. These real market yields are calculated from composites of secondary market quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The real yield values are read from the real yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 5, 7, 10 and 20 years. This method provides a real yield for a 7 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 7 years remaining to maturity.
U.S. Passports Issued per Fiscal Year (2010-1996); U.S. Passports Issued per Calendar Year (1995-1974); U.S. Passport Applications Received by Fiscal Year (1986-2010); Passport Issuance by State per Fiscal Year (2007-2010)
The Producer Price Index (PPI) program measures the average change over time in the selling prices received by domestic producers for their output. The prices included in the PPI are from the first commercial transaction for many products and some services.
Look up of civil war soldier and sailor records
The Disaggregated Futures and Options Commitments of Traders dataset provides a breakdown of each week's open interest for agriculture, energy, metals, lumber, and emissions futures markets in which 20 or more traders hold positions equal to or above the reporting levels established by the CFTC.  Open interest is reported separately by reportable and non-reportable positions for Producer/Merchant/Processor/User, Swap Dealers, Managed Money. and Other Reportables holdings, including spreading, changes from the previous report, percents of open interest by category, and numbers of traders.  Agriculture futures market data is also grouped by crop year, where appropriate, and shows the concentration of positions held by the largest four and eight traders.
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above.  And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal.  Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal.  That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers.  This update also reflects a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. 
 
This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2012 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals.  As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
The 2007 Veterans Employability Research Survey (VERS) was conducted to determine the factors that impact veterans' employability resulting from participation in the VR&E Program. The study consists of a nationally representative survey of veterans who have applied to the VR&E Program, but who discontinued the program at various points as well as a comparison group of veterans who have completed the program.
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above.  And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal.  Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal.  That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers.  This update also reflects a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. 
 
This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2012 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals.  As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
This school based assessment provides descriptive data on the educational outcomes of U.S. fourth- and eighth-graders in mathematics and science as well as factors that may be related to achievement in these subject areas. In addition to the assessment, background data is collected from students, their teachers, and schools. TIMSS has been administered every four years since 1995. The United States is one of 57 countries that participated in the study in 2007.
2008 home mortgage loan application register data reported by certain banks, credit unions, savings associations, and non-depository institutions pursuant to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA)n
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The national average payment made by Medicare for each medical condition or surgical procedure.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Audio podcast featuring  two-minute recaps of current events related to the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.
Extraction of offense, arrest, and clearance data as well as law enforcement staffing information from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program.
Real-time, worldwide earthquake list for the past 7 days
A database displaying the average payment by Medicare for each medical condition or surgical procedure at a hospital.
State- and county-level records of disaster designations made by the US Secretary of Agriculture in response to widespread and severe drought.
View charts and tables with key data and download tables of key data on public elementary and secondary education for each state.  [NOTE: Each state defines its own academic content, assessments, and academic achievement standards; therefore, achievement results are not comparable across states. In addition, because states periodically review and revise their assessment systems, it is often not possible to compare trends within a state across years.]  Following the passage of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA), the U.S. Department of Education has collected more data than ever before about the academic performance of our students and schools. See data on how we are doing as a nation-student achievement in reading and math, high school graduation rates, schools making adequate yearly progress, highly qualified teachers, student participation in tutoring and school choice options, state participation in flexibility options, and more.  ED Data Express is a Web site designed to improve the public's ability to access and explore high-value state-level education data collected by the U.S. Department of Education. The site is designed to be interactive and to present the data in a clear, easy-to-use manner, with options to download information into Excel or manipulate the data within the Web site. The site currently includes data from EDFacts, Consolidated State Performance Reports (CSPR), State Accountability Workbooks, the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), the National Assessment of Education Progress (NAEP), the College Board, and the Department's Budget Service office.  The ED Data Express site currently includes school counts, student counts, advanced placement test data, state test data, NAEP data, funding data, highly qualified teacher data, school choice and supplemental educational services, adequate yearly progress data, counts of schools in need of improvement, statistical components, AYP components, annual measurable objectives, and other accountability workbook data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2008 Hospital Report Card was mandated by the FY08 Appropriations Act, and focused on Congressionally-mandated metrics applicable to general patient populations. The 2009 VHA Facility Quality and Safety Report report, not required by Congress, shifts to Veteran-centered metrics, and includes information related to infrastructure, care provided in outpatient and hospital settings, quality of care within given patient populations, accreditation status, patient satisfaction and patient outcomes for FY2008.  The data in this report have been compiled from multiple sources throughout VHA.  This dataset includes composite scores reflecting quality of care for outpatients (NEXUS) and inpatients (ORYX). Quality of outpatient care is further stratified by comparison of outpatient care by gender, age, and mental health diagnosis.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. n nThe current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
GSA eLibrary (formerly Schedules e-Library) is the online source for the latest contract award information for: GSA Schedules; Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Schedules; and Technology Contracts, including Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts (GWACs), Network Services and Telecommunications Contracts, and Information Technology (IT) Schedule 70. This data contains all the current contracts under those contract vehicles and their respective schedule, special item number information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
XML feed to find teaching and learning resources from across the federal government on a full range of subjects including art and music, health and physical education, history and social studies, language arts, math and science.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains governmental receipts for 1962 through the current budget year, as well as four years of projections. It can be used to reproduce many of the totals published in the Budget and examine unpublished details below the levels of aggregation published in the Budget.
Shows index traders in selected agricultural markets. These traders are drawn from the noncommercial and commercial categories. n nThe noncommercial category includes positions of managed funds, pension funds, and other investors that are generally seeking exposure to a broad index of commodity prices as an asset class in an unleveraged and passively-managed manner. The commercial category includes positions for entities whose trading predominantly reflects hedging of over-the-counter transactions involving commodity indices, for example, a swap dealer holding long futures positions to hedge a short commodity index exposure opposite institutional traders, such as pension funds. n
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance is a government-wide compendium of Federal programs, projects, services, and activities that provide assistance or benefits to the American public. It contains financial and nonfinancial assistance programs administered by departments and establishments of the Federal government. CFDA provides a full listing of all Federal programs available to State and local governments (including the District of Columbia); federally-recognized Indian tribal governments; Territories (and possessions) of the United States; domestic public, quasi- public, and private profit and nonprofit organizations and institutions; specialized groups; and individuals.
The National Weather Service (NWS) maintains historical Atlantic Ocean hurricane weather data in a format that can be exploited by Graphic Information System (GIS) software. Using KML/KMZ formats, it takes the numbers and words from the rows and columns in databases and spreadsheets and puts them on a map.  This data file contains information about named and unnamed Altantic tropical storms and hurricanes from 1851 to 2006.  Once downloaded, the file can be decompiled by decade and by year in a a KML/KMZ GIS viewer.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Weather Service (NWS) Storm Prediction Center (SPC) routinely collects reports of severe weather and compiles them with public access from the database called SeverePlot (Hart and Janish 1999) with a Graphic Information System (GIS).  The composite SVRGIS information is made available to the public primarily in .zip files of approximately 50MB size.  The files located at the access point have organized severe weather data by County Warning Area (CWA).  A CWA is a grouping of counties for which severe weather information is distributed.  Although available to all, the data provided may be of particular value to weather professionals and students of meteorological sciences.  An instructional manual is provided on how to build and develop a basic severe weather report GIS database in ArcGis and is located at the technical documentation site contained in this metadata catalog.
This inventory is the first phase in the development of a single repository of all completed and planned research and evaluation projects that have or will be conducted by DOL in the upcoming calendar year. This data set includes: a title and description of each project; the date the project began; the date the project was published with a link to completed research and evaluation project outcomes as these become available; and, information on Contract or Grant resources, if applicable. The database will be updated on a monthly basis to add more agency information and to links to completed projects.
The Pentagon Channel's weekly, half-hour cooking show featuring some of the military's top chefs guiding viewers through step-by-step menu preparation.
The dataset from the Humanitarian Information Unit depict villages confirmed to have been damaged or destroyed in the Darfur region of Sudan between 2003 and 2009.
A KML file with the location of all real time air quality monitors and the current conditions (air quality index).
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2001 estimates of health insurance coverage for women by age, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level.
Number of wildland fires and acres burned from 1960 through 2008 (updated annually). Includes federal (Bureau of Land Management, US Forest Service, National Park Service, Fish and Wildlife Service, Bureau of Indian Affairs) and state/local jurisdictions.  This information is supplied by the Department of Interior and the Department of Agriculture.
Real-time, worldwide earthquake list for the past day
2010 extracts containing geographic and cartographic information from the Census Bureau's MAF/TIGER (Master Address File/Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing) database.  These files support the 2010 Census Redistricting Data (P. L. 94-171) release. The files provide the digital map base for a Geographic Information System or mapping software. All legal boundaries and names are as of January 1, 2010. The boundaries shown are for Census Bureau statistical data collection and tabulation purposes only.
The 2008 Hospital Report Card was mandated by the FY08 Appropriations Act, and focused on Congressionally-mandated metrics applicable to general patient populations. The 2009 VHA Facility Quality and Safety Report report, not required by Congress, shifts to Veteran-centered metrics, and includes information related to infrastructure, care provided in outpatient and hospital settings, quality of care within given patient populations, accreditation status, patient satisfaction and patient outcomes for FY2008.  The data in this report have been compiled from multiple sources throughout VHA.  This dataset represents patient satisfaction based on survey data broken out by inpatient/outpatient and stratified ethnicity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is the new name for the federal Food Stamp Program.  This data set contains participation and cost data for SNAP.  The data is furthered divided by annual, state, and monthly levels categorized by persons participating, households participating, benefits provided, average monthly benefits per person and average monthly benefits per household.  (format: html, xls)
Demographic data on U.S. Commercial Nuclear Power Reactors, including: licensee data, location, web address, capacity (MW).
A searchable database of all applications received by the Broadband Technology and Opportunities Program (NTIA) and the Broadband Initiatives Program (RUS)

This API returns the US Census Block geography ID information given a passed Latitude and Longitude.
CPSC's National Electronic Injury Surveillance System (NEISS) is a national probability sample of hospitals. Patient information is collected for every emergency visit involving an injury associated with a consumer product. From this sample, the total number of product-related injuries treated in hospital emergency rooms nationwide can be estimated. Estimates can be focused by setting certain variables.
A digital version of the Geologic Map of the United States, originally published at a scale of 1:2,500,000 (King and Beikman, 1974b). It excludes Alaska and Hawaii.
This is a generator level data file that includes specific information about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Interactive Data and Mapping Tool provides users a way to access all post-2005 SAHIE data; in multiple formats; in a sleek, organized, and innovative way.   Currently, data can be downloaded as a Pdf, CSV or screenshot.
EIA's State Energy Data System (SEDS) is a comprehensive data set that consists of annual time series estimates of State-level energy use by major economic sectors, energy production and and State-level energy price and expenditure data. Data are presented in physical units, BTUs, and dollars.
Brownfields are real property, the expansion, redevelopment, or reuse of which may be complicated by the presence or potential presence of a hazardous substance, pollutant or contaminant.  This dataset shows the locations of sites, facilities and properties that have been contaminated by hazardous materials and are being, or have been, cleaned up under EPA Brownfields cleanup programs.
HUD's Section Eight Management Assessment Program (SEMAP) measures the performance of the public housing agencies (PHAs) that administer the housing choice voucher program.  SEMAP uses HUD's national database of tenant information and information from audits conducted annually by independent auditors. HUD will annually assign each PHA a rating on each of the 14 indicators and an overall performance rating of high, standard, or troubled. Metropolitan PHAs will also be able to earn bonus points for their achievements in encouraging assisted families to choose housing in low poverty areas.
Fair Market Rents (FMRs) are primarily used to determine payment standard amounts for the Housing Choice Voucher program, to determine initial renewal rents for some expiring project-based Section 8 contracts, to determine initial rents for housing assistance payment (HAP) contracts in the Moderate Rehabilitation Single Room Occupancy program (Mod Rehab), and to serve as a rent ceiling in the HOME rental assistance program.  The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) annually estimates FMRs for 530 metropolitan areas and 2,045 nonmetropolitan county FMR areas.  By law the final FMRs for use in any fiscal year must be published and available for use at the start of that fiscal year, on October 1.
A KMZ file with the location of all major facilities that emit pollutants into the atmopshere.
The Common Core of Data survey provides a listing of all schools districts providing free public elementary and secondary education, along with basic descriptive statistical information on each school district listed. Formally known as the Common Core of Data Local Education Agency (School District) Universe Survey Data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feed to disseminate an Atlantic Tropical Weather Discussion.
National scope of USGS water quality sample and laboratory result data and information obtained from the NWIS/NWISWeb systems (the data available is a subset of NWISWeb) and NAWQA Data Warehouse
Contains bibliographic data for The Energy Citations Database (ECD) providing access to historical and current research (1948 to the present) from the Department of Energy (DOE) and predecessor agencies, plus other energy-related information.  Default request returns first one hundred records.  See Technical Documentation for instructions on obtaining additional records.  This data service allows the downloading of bibliographic records in formats that can be used to load the records into other databases or search tools.  To search the Energy Citations Database, use the Agency Program Page below.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Monthly Statement of the Public Debt (MSPD) is available online in summary and full versions, and lists the types of Treasury Securities issued to finance the Debt, the related maturity dates, and the "Amount Outstanding".   The downloadable files include the Summary page, the STRIPS information, and the Monthly Statement of the Public Debt (MSPD) in its entirety. Data is available on the fourth business day of each month.  Data on the website is available from 1953 to the present.   However, for the years 1953-1996 only the MSPD in its entirety is available and that is in PDF format.
National Compensation Survey - Benefits produces comprehensive data on the incidence (the percentage of workers with access to and participation in employer provided benefit plans) and provisions of selected employee benefit plans.
The PWSD is a dataset that can be used to answer questions about various public workforce system programs and how these programs fit in with the overall public workforce system and the economy.  It was designed primarily to be used as a tool to understand what has been occurring in the Wagner-Peyser program and contains data from quarter 1 of 1995 through quarter 4 of 2008.  Also, it was designed to understand the relationship and flow of participants as they go through the public workforce system.  The PWSD can be used to analyze these programs both individually and in combination.  The PWSD contains economic variables, Unemployment Insurance System data, and data on programs funded by the Workforce Investment Act and Employment Service.  Economic variables included are labor force, employment, unemployment, unemployment rate, and gross domestic product data.
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 2004
Real-time, worldwide earthquake list for the past hour
Contains annual data from 1990-2010 on electricity net generation by State by type of producer by energy source

MODIS (or Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer) is a key instrument aboard the Terra (EOS AM) and Aqua (EOS PM) satellites. Terra's orbit around the Earth is timed so that it passes from north to south across the equator in the morning, while Aqua passes south to north over the equator in the afternoon. Terra MODIS and Aqua MODIS are viewing the entire Earth's surface every 1 to 2 days, acquiring data in 36 spectral bands, or groups of wavelengths (see MODIS Technical Specifications). These data will improve our understanding of global dynamics and processes occurring on the land, in the oceans, and in the lower atmosphere. MODIS is playing a vital role in the development of validated, global, interactive Earth system models able to predict global change accurately enough to assist policy makers in making sound decisions concerning the protection of our environment.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A national survey conducted to obtain information about the extent of the nation's internet and computer use.   The computer usage questions are asked of all household reference persons, or the spouses of the reference person, if the reference person is not available for interview.
The Standard Occupational Classification (SOC) system is used by Federal statistical agencies to classify workers into occupational categories for the purpose of collecting, calculating, or disseminating data. All workers are classified into one of over 820 occupations according to their occupational definition.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation. These data are used to track growth in the number of jails and their capacities nationally, changes in the demographics of the jail population (including sex, race, and adult or juvenile status), supervision status of persons held, prevalence of crowding issues, and a count of non-United States citizens within the jail population.
The Board of Veterans' Appeals (also known as "BVA" or "the Board") is a part of the VA, located in Washington, D.C.  Members of the Board review benefit claims determinations made by local VA offices and issue decision on appeals.  These Law Judges, attorneys experienced in veterans law and in reviewing benefit claims, are the only ones who can issue Board decisions.  Staff attorneys, also trained in veterans law, review the facts of each appeal and assist the Board members.   {38 U.S.C. '''''''§'''''''§ 7103, 7104}   BVA decisions are discoverabled via this search engine tool.
MRDS describes metallic and nonmetallic mineral resources throughout the world. Included are deposit name, location, commodity, deposit description, geologic characteristics, production, reserves, resources, and references. It includes the original MRDS and MAS/MILS data.
A survey of student financing of postsecondary education in the United States. Undergraduate andngraduate students enrolled at all types of postsecondary institutions in the U.S. in 2007-08 are represented. These include public, private not-for-profit, and private for-profit sector institutions at every level: less-than-2-year, 2-year, 4-year, and graduate-only.
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset represents the quality of care for defined populations: Gender, Geriatric, Disabled, Homeless, and patients with Mental Health Diagnosis.
HUD's Real Estate Assessment Center conducts physical inspections of properties that are owned, insured or subsidized by HUD, including public housing and multifamily assisted housing.   About 20,000 such inspections are conducted each year to ensure that assisted families have housing that is decent, safe, sanitary and in good repair.  The Physical Inspection Scores datasets provide a full historical view of the results of those inspections, providing point-in-time property scores.   Results are available for download as a comma-delimited dataset.  Separate datasets are available for public housing and for multifamily assisted properties.  The results represent the inspections conducted from 2001 through September 2009.  The datasets include property identifiers and location information.
This file contains Earnings data and is part of a set of two separate but associated subfiles, one with Social Security benefit information and the other with longitudinal earnings information. Sample beneficiary records drawn from the Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance (OASDI) program can be linked to their corresponding earnings histories.
World Wind allows any user to zoom from satellite altitude into any place on Earth, leveraging high resolution LandSat imagery and SRTM elevation data to experience Earth in visually rich 3D, just as if you were really there.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2008 Hospital Report Card was mandated by the FY08 Appropriations Act, and focused on Congressionally-mandated metrics applicable to general patient populations. The 2009 VHA Facility Quality and Safety Repor report, not required by Congress, shifts to Veteran-centered metrics, and includes information related to infrastructure, care provided in outpatient and hospital settings, quality of care within given patient populations, accreditation status, patient satisfaction and patient outcomes for FY2008.  The data in this report have been compiled from multiple sources throughout VHA. This dataset  is a compilation of available services within each medical center, whether a medical center is accreditated by Joint commission and/or CARF and details the number of admissions by bed section, admissions per 1000 uniques, and average length of stay by bed sections. Total number of outpatient visits, number of unique patients and the medical center staffing.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The International Price Program (IPP) produces Import/Export Price Indexes (MXP) containing data on changes in the prices of nonmilitary goods and services traded between the U.S. and the rest of the world.
The Compensation and Pension by County dataset is a count of the number of veterans receiving disability compensation or pension payments from the Department of Veterans Affairs.  nThe data is reported at the county level, by age group and by % disability rating for each state plus recipients in Guam, Philippines and Puerto Rico.  n
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A list of hospitals and their quality measure ratings related to children’s asthma care. Asthma is a chronic lung condition that causes problems getting air in and out of the lungs. Children with asthma may experience wheezing, coughing, chest tightness and trouble breathing.
Contains bibliographic data for patents resulting from sponsored research by the Department of Energy and predecessor agencies.  ***Default request returns first one hundred records.  See Technical Documentation for instructions on obtaining additional records.  This data service allows the downloading of bibliographic records in formats that can be used to load the records into other databases or search tools.  ***To search the DOepatents database, use the Agency Program Page below.
This file contains all of the bankruptcy cases for public companies opened and monitored in the fiscal year 2009. The data includes the District Court, the state, the company name, assets, and liabilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 1992
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This household based survey provides descriptive data on the educational activities of the U.S. population and offers  a variety of statistics on the condition of education in the United States. The NHES surveys cover learning at all ages, from early childhood to school age through adulthood. The NHES has been conducted since 1991 and has modules covering early childhood care, parent and family involvement in education, after school program participation, school safety, library usage, adult education, school readiness and civic involvement.
The Occupational Outlook Handbook is a nationally recognized source of career information, designed to provide valuable assistance to individuals making decisions about their future work lives. The Handbook is revised every two years.
The Mass Layoff Statistics (MLS) program collects reports on mass layoff actions that result in workers being separated from their jobs. Monthly mass layoff numbers are from establishments which have at least 50 initial claims for unemployment insurance (UI) filed against them during a 5-week period. Extended mass layoff numbers (issued quarterly) are from a subset of such establishments?where private sector nonfarm employers indicate that 50 or more workers were separated from their jobs for at least 31 days.
My HealtheVet (www.myhealth.va.gov ) is a Personal Health Record portal designed to improve the delivery of health care services to Veterans, to promote health and wellness, and to engage Veterans as more active participants in their health care. The My HealtheVet portal enables Veterans to create and maintain a web-based PHR that provides access to patient health education information and resources, a comprehensive personal health journal, and electronic services such as online VA prescription refill requests and Secure Messaging. Veterans can visit the My HealtheVet website and self-register to create an account, although registration is not required to view the professionally-sponsored health education resources, including topics of special interest to the Veteran population. Once registered, Veterans can create a customized PHR that is accessible from any computer with Internet access. For Veterans who are VA patients, authentication provides access to additional features, such as the ability to import extracted VA EHR data into the PHR. The site also includes a customizable health calendar, online learning modules, and self-assessment tools. The VA Blue Button enables Veterans to download their available health care information in a single electronic file. The sample data files referenced on Data.Gov are provided to industry partners for testing purposes.
The state averages for hospitals’ measures that show how often a health care provider gives recommended care; that is, the treatment known to give the best results for most patients with a particular condition.
The evaluation employs administrative data from 12 states, covering approximately 160,000 WIA participants and nearly 3 million comparison group members.  Focusing on participants who entered WIA programs between July 2003 and June 2005, the evaluation considers the impact for all those in the program, the impact for those receiving only Core or Intensive Services, and the incremental impact of Training Services.  This dataset contains all of the information used to conduct the non-experimental evaluation estimates for the 1) WIA Client Treatment Group and 2) The Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Client comparison group.
The Interactive Data and Mapping Tool provides users a way to access all post-2005 SAHIE data; in multiple formats; in a sleek, organized, and innovative way.   Currently, data can be downloaded as a Pdf, CSV or screenshot.
The dataset provides the public with a comparison of form processing volumes and trend data for specific form types and offices with national levels. This gives the public insight into the volume of forms USCIS is processing at each office, the status of those forms, and comparison to how USCIS processes nationally.
Daily Treasury Bill Rates: These rates are the daily secondary market quotation on the most recently auctioned Treasury Bills for each maturity tranche (4-week, 13-week, 26-week, and 52-week) that Treasury currently issues new Bills. Market quotations are obtained at approximately 3:30 PM each business day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Bank Discount rate is the rate at which a Bill is quoted in the secondary market and is based on the par value, amount of the discount and a 360-day year. The Coupon Equivalent, also called the Bond Equivalent, or the Investment Yield, is the bill's yield based on the purchase price, discount, and a 365- or 366-day year. The Coupon Equivalent can be used to compare the yield on a discount bill to the yield on a nominal coupon bond that pays semiannual interest.
Patent Grant Bibliographic Text (2001 to Present):  Contains the bibliographic text (i.e., front page) of each patent grant issued weekly (Tuesdays) from January 2001 to Present (excludes images/drawings). The file formats are Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Grant Version 2.4 Document Type Definition (DTD) and eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Grant Version 2.5; 4.0 International Common Element (ICE); 4.1 ICE; and 4.2 ICE Document Type Definitions (DTDs). Because of the concatenation of the individual documents, these files are not well-formed SGML/XML. These files contain non-repeatable (not unique) tags. For example, each SGML or XML document within the file should have one start tag and one end tag.  Concatenation creates a file that contains 4,000 plus start/end tag combinations. This means that the file will not parse successfully or open/display by default in Internet Explorer. If you put these files along with the appropriate Document Type Definition (DTD) in the same directory and double click on these weekly files, Internet Explorer will give you an error:  Access is denied. Error processing resource 'us-patent-grant-v42-2006-08-23.dtd'. Error processing resource 'file:///C:/Do...   But if you take one document out of the Patent Grant Bibliographic Text file and place it in a directory with the correct DTD and then double click that individual document, Internet Explorer will open the file successfully. NOTE:  You may receive a warning about Active X controls. Additionally, if you take one document out of the Patent Grant Bibliographic Text file and open it with MS Excel as an XML List, it will import the data under column headings from the XML tags. NOTE:  All Patent Grant Bibliographic Text files will open successfully in MS Word; NotePad; WordPad; and TextPad. This product includes a pgbyyyymmdd_wknn.zip or ipgbyyyymmdd_wknn.zip file for each week [where "yyyymmdd" is a Tuesday issue date and "nn" is a two-digit, fixed-length number (with leading zero) representing the sequentially-numbered week of the year]. Within each weekly zip file are three (3) files: pgbyyyymmdd.xml or ipgbyyyymmdd.xml (Bibliographic information in XML ICE); pgbyyyymmddlst.txt or ipgbyyyymmddlst.txt (List of patent grant numbers in ascending order); pgbyyyymmddrpt.txt or ipgbyyyymmddrpt.html (Statistical/summary report). Approximatley 4,000 patent grants per week. Approximatley 5 MB per weekly zipfile.  Patent Grant Bibliographic Text (1976 to 2001):  Contains the bibliographic text (i.e., front page) of each patent grant issued weekly (Tuesdays) from January 1976 to December 2001 (excludes images/drawings). The file format is a subset of the Green Book, ASCII text. Includes patent number, series code and application number, type of patent, filing date, title, issue date, inventor information, assignee name at time of issue, foreign priority information, related US patent documents, classification information, U.S. and foreign references, attorney, agent or firm/legal representative, Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) information, abstract, and if present Statement of U.S. Government Interest. This file is a subset of the Patent Full-Text/APS Retrospective 1976-2001. Approximately 4,000 patent grants per week. Approximately 1.6 GB total.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Chesapeake Information Management System (CIMS), designed in 1996, is an integrated, accessible information management system for the Chesapeake Bay Region.  CIMS is an organized, distributed library of information and software tools designed to increase basin-wide public access to Chesapeake Bay information.  The information delivered by CIMS includes technical and public information, educational material, environmental indicators, policy documents, and scientific data.  Through the use of relational databases, web-based programming, and web-based GIS a large number of Internet resources have been established.  These resources include multiple distributed on-line databases, on-demand graphing and mapping of environmental data, and geographic searching tools for environmental information.  Baseline monitoring data, summarized data and environmental indicators that document ecosystem status and trends, confirm linkages between water quality, habitat quality and abundance, and the distribution and integrity of biological populations are also available.  One of the major features of the CIMS network is the Chesapeake Bay Program's Data Hub, providing users access to a suite of long- term water quality and living resources databases.  Chesapeake Bay mainstem and tidal tributary water quality, benthic macroinvertebrates, toxics, plankton, and fluorescence data can be obtained for a network of over 800 monitoring stations.
On February 23, 2010, the FCC published the results of its first Broadband Consumer Survey. This national survey of 5,005 adult Americans focused on non-adopters and the issues they face in adopting broadband. While many surveys track broadband adoption, this survey is one of the first efforts to oversample non-adopters.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2005- 2009. Data available at the  block group level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Work Stoppages program provides monthly and annual data and analysis of major work stoppages involving 1,000 or more workers lasting one full shift or longer. The monthly and annual data show the establishment and union(s) involved in the work stoppage along with the location, the number of workers and the days of idleness. The monthly data list all work stoppages involving 1,000 or more workers that occurred during the full calendar month for each month of the year. The annualized data provide statistics, analysis and details of each work stoppage of 1,000 or more workers that occurred during the year. The work stoppages data are gathered from public news sources, such as newspapers and the Internet. The BLS does not distinguish between strikes and lock-outs in the data; both are included in the term ""work stoppages"".
Research projects funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH), other DHHS Operating Divisions (AHRQ, CDC, FDA, HRSA, SAMHSA), and the Department of Veterans Affairs.  This is a monthly snapshot of the data publically accessible through the NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tool, Expenditures and Results (RePORTER) system at http://report.nih.gov.  The RePORTER database contains information such as project title, abstract, principal investigator, funded organization, total awarded costs, categorization by area of research (NIH only), and project keywords.  Also available is information on research publications and patents that have cited support from each project.
Sales and conversion data for securities issued in TreasuryDirect
A list of political action committees identified as "Leadership PACs" which are established, financed, maintained or controlled by a candidate for federal office or an individual currently holding federal office.
"Project GATE was a random-assignment demonstration project designed to help public workforce system clients create, sustain or expand their own business.  The cornerstone of the evaluation of Project GATE was random assignment.  A total of 4,198 applicants to Project GATE were randomly assigned to either the program group or the control group.  Members of the program group were offered GATE services; members of the control group were not.  This dataset is the final data from the evaluation and includes administrative data from the six and eighteen month follow-ups and survey data from the six month, eighteen month, and sixty month follow-ups of program participants.   "
The Geographic Distribution of VA Expenditures (GDX)  is an annual report that shows estimated VA expenditures for major programmatic areas by geographic area (state, county, and congressional district). The major programmatic areas are: Compensation and Pension; Readjustment (Education) and Vocational Rehabilitation; Insurance; Construction; and, Medical and Administrative.
Scope: National.  NPS Focus Digital Library and Research Station information system manages images and archives of images as well as documents described by linked metadata and provides cross-repository searching of library catalogs within and external to the NPS.  The NPS Focus system is composed of two separate but integrated subsystems: * The NPS Focus Digital Library is a digital resource metadata and file management system. It can be used to store images and documents for search and display through the NPS Focus GUI or as a web service to other systems. * NPS Focus Research Station provides a portal to search across numerous NPS systems including its own digital library of images and documents.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2008 Hospital Report Card was mandated by the FY08 Appropriations Act, and focused on Congressionally-mandated metrics applicable to general patient populations. The 2009 VHA Facility Quality and Safety Report report, not required by Congress, shifts to Veteran-centered metrics, and includes information related to infrastructure, care provided in outpatient and hospital settings, quality of care within given patient populations, accreditation status, patient satisfaction and patient outcomes for FY2008.  The data in this report have been compiled from multiple sources throughout VHA.  This dataset includes adjusted mortality rate for three defined populations: Pneumonia, Congestive Heart Failure, and Acute Myocardial Infarction, Nosocomisal Infections, Percent of patients on prophalaxis for deep vein thrombosis and Observed minus expected length of stay.
This file contains Benefits data and is part of a set of two separate but associated subfiles, one with Social Security benefit information and the other with longitudinal earnings information. Sample beneficiary records drawn from the Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance (OASDI) program can be linked to their corresponding earnings histories.
Provides US Federal Spending by agency. The Grants section allows visitors to search for information about federal assistance; including grants, insurance, direct payments, and other. Information about federal loan spending can be found on the Loans section, which allows visitors to search for information about different federal loan categories, including Direct Loans and Guaranteed Loans.
Public information on BRS applications for genetically engineered permits, notifications, and petitions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
National Survey of College Graduates (NSCG), National Survey of Recent College Graduates (NSRCG), Survey of Doctorate Recipients (SDR)
Attributes of over 1,500 mineral facilities
Contains bibliographic data for research and development results relating to various forms of green energy, including solar, wind, tidal, bioenergy, and others, resulting from sponsored research by the Department of Energy and predecessor agencies.  Default request returns first twenty-five records.  See Technical Documentation for instructions on obtaining additional records.  This data service allows the downloading of bibliographic records in formats that can be used to load the records into other databases or search tools.  To search the DOE Green Energy Portal, use the Agency Program Page below.
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 2003
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting news articles from  the American Forces Press Service.
This page allows users to search EDGAR filings using a full text search tool for all filings made on EDGAR in the last four years.
The AFPS News widget makes it easy for anyone with a Web site, blog or social networking page to carry the latest AFPS articles on their site. The widget works through an XML stream to allow Web sites to carry the latest official news and information about the Defense Department.
Summary financial information about any political committee (e.g. campaign committee, party, PAC, etc.) required to file financial reports with the Federal Election Commission
The Archival Research Catalog (ARC) data set provides archival descriptions of the permanent holdings of the federal government in the custody of the National Archives and Records administration. The archival descriptions include information on traditional paper holdings, logical data records (electronic records), and artifacts.
2007 survey responses from selected Federal agencies summarizing the existence of positive performance management practices and employee engagement scores for each agency.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Bracken Bat Cave meshweaver (Cicurina venii) occur. The geographic extent includes Bexar County, TX. This is one of seven invertebrate species addressed in the April 8, 2003 Federal Register document entitled: Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Seven Bexar County, TX, Invertebrate Species; Final Rule (68 FR 17155 17231).     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Series and Class Report provides basic identification information for all active registered investment company series and classes that have been issued IDs by the Commission.  Beginning on February 6, 2006, all open-end mutual funds (Form N-1A filers), insurance separate accounts organized as mutual funds (Form N-3 filers), insurance separate accounts organized as unit investment trusts (Form N-4 and Form N-6 filers).  Investment companies (see adopting release http://www.sec.gov/rules/final/33-8590.pdf) have been required to use these IDs when making their electronic filings with the Commission. Since February 6, 2006,  series and class IDs have also been issued to a few closed-end funds (Form N-2 filers) and unit investment trusts that are not used to fund separate accounts (S-6 filers).
A ranking of ODAR hearing offices by the average number of days until final disposition of the hearing request. The average shown will be a combined average for all cases completed in that hearing office.  Users will be able determine where a particular hearing office stands among the total with respect to this workload category.
This data from the National Weather Service provides Geographic Information System (GIS) graphical representations of tornados, large hail events, and damaging wind reports in the Continental United States for the period 1950 through 2006.  The data provided are in .zip files that are generally around 50 MB.  Although available to all, the data provided may be of particular value to weather professionals and students of meteorological sciences.  An instructional manual is provided on how to build and develop a basic severe weather report GIS database in ArcGis and is located at the technical documentation site contained in this metadata catalog.
data access, lessons plans, computer tools, science focus
The Major Sector Productivity and Costs program publishes quarterly and annual measures of output per hour and unit labor costs for the U.S. business, nonfarm business, and manufacturing sectors. These are the productivity statistics most often cited by the national media. The Industry Productivity and Costs program publishes annual measures of output per hour and unit labor costs for detailed U.S. industries.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
Aviation Accident Statistics: Accidents, Fatalities, and Rates, 1991 through 2010, U.S. General Aviation
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 2002
To reduce respondent burden and improve data quality and timeliness, the Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS) split the jail census into two parts: The Census of Jail Inmates was conducted with a reference date of June 30, 2005. The following spring it was followed by this enumeration, the Census of Jail Facilities, which collected data as of March 31, 2006. Previous jail enumerations were conducted in 1970 (ICPSR 7641), 1972 (ICPSR 7638), 1978 (ICPSR 7737), 1983 (ICPSR 8203), 1988 (ICPSR 9256), 1993 (ICPSR 6648), and 1999 (ICPSR 3318). The United States Census Bureau collected the data for the Bureau of Justice Statistics. The 2006 Census of Jail Facilities gathered data from all jail detention facilities holding inmates beyond arraignment, a period normally exceeding 72 hours. Jail facilities were operated by cities and counties, by private entities under contract to correctional authorities, and by the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP). Excluded from the census were physically separate temporary holding facilities such as drunk tanks and police lockups that do not hold persons after being formally charged in court. Also excluded were state-operated facilities in Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Alaska, which have combined jail-prison systems. Fifteen independently operated jails in Alaska were included in the Census.
The Brownfields widget identifies potential redevelopment, brownfields sites within a user-specified area of interest
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Contains data covering the economics of the U.S. fresh and processing broccoli industry.  Time series data covers U.S. and State area, yield, production, prices, value as well as U.S. trade by country, per capita use (disappearance), and usual harvesting dates and varieties by State. Also included are data series for world area and production and world trade by country.
The Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural Worker Protection Act (MSPA) requires a contractor to obtain federal certification prior to performing any farm labor contracting activities.   The farm labor contractors who appear on the following list have obtained a federal certificate of registration authorizing the holder to perform farm labor contracting activities under MSPA. This list is updated quarterly.  The information below is generated as of January 12, 2010.  Only a person holding a valid certificate issued by the Secretary of Labor may engage in farm labor contracting activities.  A list of Ineligible Farm Labor Contractors can be found at http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/statutes/mspa_debar.htm.   The list contains the name and physical address of all current certificate holders, as well as the expiration date and the certificate number generated by the Wage and Hour Division.  The list also indicates if the contractor has been authorized to house workers, to use vehicles to transport workers, or to drive such vehicles.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
These reports provide information on the number of Free Applications for Federal Student Aid (FAFSAs) processed.  One report provides the number of applications by the applicant's state of legal residence and the other report provides the number of applications by postsecondary institution, as listed on the applicant's FAFSA.  In both reports, numbers are reported in two categories: dependent students and independent students.
The Unverified List includes names and countries of foreign persons who in the past were parties to a transaction with respect to which BIS could not conduct a pre-license check (PLC) or a post-shipment verification (PSV) for reasons outside of the U.S. Government's control. Any transaction to which a listed person is a party will be deemed by BIS to raise a Red Flag with respect to such transaction within the meaning of the guidance set forth in Supplement No. 3 to 15 C.F.R. Part 732. The Red Flag; applies to the person on the Unverified List regardless of where the person is located in the country included on the list. This list is not meant to stand alone.  It should be used in combination with the Export Administration Regulations including the Denied Persons List (BIS), Entity List (GPO), Specially Designated Nationals List (Treasury), Debarred List (State) and Nonproliferation Sanctions List (State).
Streamflow and reservoir storage data supplied from multiple sites on the Lower Colorado River.
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 1995
This dataset is a national census of state library agencies.  A state library agency is the official agency of a state that is charged by state law with the extension and development of public library services throughout the state and that has adequate authority under state law to administer state plans in accordance with the provisions of the Library Services and Technology Act (LSTA).  Beyond these two roles, state library agencies vary greatly.  This dataset provides information on the range of roles played by state library agencies and the various combinations of fiscal, human, and informational resources invested in such work.
The Employment Projections Program develops information about the labor market for the Nation as a whole for 10 years in the future.
Aviation Accident Statistics: Air Carrier Occurrences Involving Illegal Acts (Sabotage, Suicide, or Terrorism), 1991 through 2010
Country specific data by year, month and quarter.  Most data are available back to 1980. Fuel production, consumption, imports, exports, capacity, stocks, emissions, heat contents, and conversion factors; as well as population, as available for all fuels and countries.
This is an easy-to-use tool that helps you find NIST innovations by browsing by application, technical field or by searching keywords or researcher name.
The dataset is a list of all the Title VIII fair housing cases filed by FHEO from 01/01/2006 to the run date including the case number, case name, filing date, state and county of the alleged violation, and the bases for the alleged discriminatory acts.  The Federal bases are race, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability, familial status and retaliation for filing a fair housing complaint.  Some of the bases have been broken out into more detailed groupings (Race - Asian, etc.)  A single case may have multiple bases.  The data can be aggregated to the county or state level to show patterns in the quantity and bases of fair housing complaints filed.
Citizen Corps is FEMA's grassroots strategy to bring together government and community leaders to involve citizens in all-hazards emergency preparedness and resilience.  Citizen Corps asks you to embrace the personal responsibility to be prepared; to get training in first aid and emergency skills; and to volunteer to support local emergency responders, disaster relief, and community safety.  Stay connected by posting one of our widgets onto your website, blog, or social media page.
National Compensation Survey - Employment Cost Trends produces quarterly indexes measuring change over time in labor costs (ECI) and quarterly data measuring level of average costs per hour worked (ECEC).
RSS feed featuring monthly video stories from around the U.S. Navy.
Paper Savings Bonds Issues, Redemptions, and Maturities by Series
A list of common questions and topics asked by Medicare beneficiaries, and the specific organization that can help you get the answers to your question.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2007 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Reulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
This Common Core of Data dataset reports the number of dropouts from each of grades 9 - 12 and the relevant event dropout rates and to report the numbers of high school diploma recipients, other high school completers, and the relevant Averaged Freshman Graduation Rate (AFGR).
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 2000
The Civil Rights Data Collection (CRDC) collects data on key education and civil rights issues in our nation's public schools for use by the U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (OCR) and other Department of Education offices as well as policymakers and researchers outside of the Department of Education. This data collection provides information about students in public elementary and secondary schools, including enrollment, access to educational programs or services, and academic proficiency results, "disaggregated" or broken out, by factors including race, ethnicity, sex, and disability.
Through the PA Program (CDFA Number 97.036), FEMA provides supplemental Federal disaster grant assistance for debris removal, emergency protective measures, and the repair, replacement, or restoration of disaster-damaged, publicly owned facilities and the facilities of certain Private Non-Profit (PNP) organizations. The PA Program also encourages protection of these damaged facilities from future events by providing assistance for hazard mitigation measures during the recovery process.  This dataset lists all public assistance recipients, designated as Applicants in the data. The dataset also features a list of every funded, individual project, called project worksheets.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate tropical weather outlooks for the North Atlantic , Caribbean Sea, Gulf of Mexico, and Eastern Pacific Oceans.
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset contains the data about wait times to be seen in Primary and Specialty Care Services.

Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 1993
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This search allows users to enter complex boolean queries to access all but the most recent day's EDGAR filings on www.sec.gov.  Filings are from 1994 to present.
Provides Real gasoline pump prices on an annual basis back to 1919 and monthly prices for gasoline, heating oil, diesel fuel, and imported refiners acquistion cost of crude oil from January 1980 through the end of the forecast.  Monthly Real Petroleum Prices are computed by dividing the nominal price in a given month by the ratio of the Consumer Price Index (CPI) in that month to the CPI in the current STEO month, the "base" period.  Example:  The current base period for the August 2009 data is August 2009.    The base period for the annual data is the previous year, in this case is 2008. So the real annual prices are in 2008 dollars.  The base period for the annual data will be updated in January 2010.
Provides annual recipient, disbursement and federal award information for the Campus-Based Programs (Perkins Loan Program, Federal Supplemental Education Opportunity Grant and Federal Work-Study Program) by postsecondary school.
The mission of FNS is to provide children and needy families better access to food and a more healthful diet through its food assistance programs and comprehensive nutrition education efforts.   These dataset provides a summary of all the FNS School Food Program combined into one dataset.  It contains cash payments and commodity costs for the National School Lunch Program, School Breakfast Program and the Special Milk Program. (format: html,  xls)
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 1998
A national survey conducted to produce annual income and migration statistics, including official poverty figures.  The ASEC also produces work experience, noncash benefits and health insurance data. It is sponsored by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), Census Bureau, and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 1996
Official Correspondence of Nuclear Reactor Inspection Reports
A ranking of ODAR hearing offices by the average number of hearings dispositions per ALJ per day.  The average shown will be a combined average for all ALJs working in that hearing office.  Users will be able determine where a particular hearing office stands among the total with respect to this workload category.
This site contains widgets that track river levels and forecasts with content provided by NOAA. The widgets will update as NOAA updates information.
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 1997
Daily Treasury Bill Rates: These rates are the daily secondary market quotation on the most recently auctioned Treasury Bills for each maturity tranche (4-week, 13-week, 26-week, and 52-week) that Treasury currently issues new Bills. Market quotations are obtained at approximately 3:30 PM each business day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Bank Discount rate is the rate at which a Bill is quoted in the secondary market and is based on the par value, amount of the discount and a 360-day year. The Coupon Equivalent, also called the Bond Equivalent, or the Investment Yield, is the bill's yield based on the purchase price, discount, and a 365- or 366-day year. The Coupon Equivalent can be used to compare the yield on a discount bill to the yield on a nominal coupon bond that pays semiannual interest.
A presentation of four key workload indicators (pending, receipts, dispositions and average processing time) for each hearing office in the Office of Disability Adjudication and Review (ODAR.)
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 1999
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Fort Loudoun reservoir (lake) in Tennessee. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Estimates of per capita availability of several hundred foods available for human consumption in the United States
Provides links to FBI content by incorporating the widgets and modules into websites or blogs.
FACA Data collected and verified for FYs 1997-2010.  Committee and Subcommittee Data collected is separately extracted and keyed.  The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 10/01/1999 through 12/02/2009
The Form 5500 Annual Report is the primary source of information about the operations, funding and investments of about 800,000 retirement and welfare benefit plans. These datasets are the raw data from all of the filings for each year, including the data in the various schedules.
Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO) is designed to easily provide usable information about inspections, violations, and enforcement by utilizing interactive maps and enhanced trend data. ECHO advances public information by sharing data related to water, air, waste, and drinking water regulations and allows its users a variety of options to better understand the state of their local environment as well as national environmental impacts to public health. The web-based site features information on facilities that are violating the Clean Water Act  with tools that compare water quality trends and generate interactive maps that link to detailed state dashboards. ECHO also provides easy access to information about violations of the Safe Drinking Water Act, showing the frequency of violations to drinking water across states, and offers a detailed list of the most serious violators in the nation.  ECHO is searchable by location, and the public can also examine information on inspections conducted by both EPA and the state, violations and enforcement actions at facilities in their communities, and the penalties levied in response to violations related to the Clean Air Act and Resource Conservation and Recovery Act.
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 1994
The General Land Office Records System (GLO) encompasses the automation and retrieval of eastern and western land title information  images which includes patent images, survey plats, fields notes and master title plats.  The GLO provides the public a means to perform searches for land patents by name.  In addition, the GLO is a preservation process for the aging land documents.  The GLO provides a web-based access for query, image viewing and e-commerce of the Federal Land Records
TradeStats Express provides statistics on U.S. merchandise trade at the national and state levels.  Data can also be displayed in maps, graphs, tables, or as exports, imports, and trade balances. Note: this does not include statistics on U.S. trade in services.
The Office of the Historian is responsible, under law, for the preparation and publication of the official historical documentary record of U.S. foreign policy in the Foreign Relations of the United States series.  The dataset that the Office of the Historian is submitting is the raw bibliographical metadata for the nearly 500 volumes in this series published since 1861.  Each record in the dataset contains a volume's title, year of publication, years covered by the volume, summary, and links to websites that offer these volumes online or in print, among other metadata items.
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset contains the data about staffing for Nurses, Physicians, and other Healthcare Professionals
Treasury Long-Term Average Rate and Extrapolation Factors. Beginning February 18, 2002, Treasury ceased publication of the 30-year constant maturity series. Instead, from February 19, 2002 through May 28, 2004, Treasury published a Long-Term Average Rate, "LT>25," (not to be confused with the Long-Term Composite Rate, definitions below). In addition, Treasury published daily linear extrapolation factors that could be added to the Long-Term Average Rate to allow interested parties to compute an estimated 30-year rate. On June 1, 2004, Treasury discontinued the "LT>25" average due to a dearth of eligible bonds. In place of the "LT>25" average, Treasury published the Treasury 20-year Constant Maturity rate on this page along with an extrapolation factor that was added to the 20-year Constant Maturity to obtain an estimate for a theoretical 30-year rate. On February 9, 2006, Treasury reintroduced the 30-year constant maturity and is no longer publishing the extrapolation factor.
This report presents comprehensive data on telephone penetration statistics collected by the Bureau of the Census under contract with the FCC. Along with telephone penetration statistics for the United States and each of the states from November 1983 to November 2009, data are provided on penetration based on various demographic characteristics.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Data on annual emissions of Carbon Dioxide (CO2), Sulfur Dioxide (SO2), and Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) by type of electric power producer, by energy source, by state
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
This dataset contains information on all accidents, injuries and illnesses reported by mine operators and contractors beginning with 1983.  The data in the table is obtained from the Mine Accident, Injury and Illness Report form (MSHA Form 7000-1).  Document number is the unique key for this data.  It provides information about the accident/injury/illness such as type, mine location, lost days and the degree of injury.
Data and Maps (D&M) is an internet application that allows users easy access to industry source emissions data, providing simple viewing and reporting capabilities as well as print and download options. The objective of D&M is to provide an easy to use, interactive, and intuitive Web-based interface to view unit, facility, emissions, and allowance data collected as part of EPA's emissions  trading programs. D&M provides users the tools to answer scientific, policy, and regulatory questions, and allows users to query data using a standard Web browser. No additional software, plug-ins, or security controls are required to access the data, thus supporting the objective that D&M be publicly available to all users.   D&M is organized into six core functional areas: Emissions, Allowances, Facility Attributes and Contacts, Compliance, Quick Facts and Trends, and Where You Live. In addition, several external resources regarding air quality and deposition mapping can be reached through links on the D&M home page.
The Early Childhood Longitudinal Study (ECLS), Kindergarten Class of 1998-99 followed a nationally representative sample of children who were kindergartners in 1998-99 from kindergarten through eighth grade. The base-year sample included more than 21,000 children attending more than 1,200 public and private schools.  Data were collected from children, their families, their teachers, and their schools at multiple points in time (i.e., fall and spring kindergarten, fall and spring first grade, spring third grade, spring fifth grade, spring eighth grade).  The ECLS-K program provides national data on children's transition to school and their  experiences and growth through the eighth grade. The ECLS program also provides data to analyze the relationships among a wide range of family, school, community, and child characteristics with children's development, learning, and performance in school. n
This dataset contains monthly data for the current fiscal year for each WIC State agency.  There are currently 90 WIC State agencies:  the 50 geographic states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico,  Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Northern Marianas, and 34 Indian tribal organizations (ITO's). The dataset contains number of  Pregnant Women,     Breastfeeding Women, Postpartum Women, Total Women,  Infants and children participating in the WIC program and the associated food and administrative cost.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 2005
Aviation Accident Statistics: Passenger Injuries and Injury Rates, 1991 through 2010, for U.S. Air Carriers Operating Under 14 CFR 121
Aviation Accident Statistics:  Accidents, Fatalities, and Rates, 1991 through 2010, for U.S. Air Carriers Operating Under 14 CFR 121, Scheduled and Nonscheduled Service (Airlines)
Multifactor Productivity (MFP) measures the changes in output per unit of combined inputs. Indexes of MFP are produced for the private business, private nonfarm business, and manufacturing sectors of the economy. MFP is also developed for 18 3-digit NAICS manufacturing industry groups and 86 4-digit NAICS manufacturing industries, the air transportation industry, the railroad transportation industry, and the utility and gas industry.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The goal of the Analysis and Information (A&I) Online site is to provide information and data to promote analytically sound, safety-conscious decisions by all Motor Carrier Industry stakeholders. The site provides motor carrier safety information including statistical and analytical resources for FMCSA and State enforcement personnel, motor carriers, researchers, insurers, shippers, and the public.
The Bureau of Reclamation operates a network of automated hydrologic and meteorologic monitoring stations (Hydromet) located throughout the Great Plains Region. The Hydromet network collects remote field data and transmits it via satellite to provide real-time water management capability. Hydromet data is then integrated with other sources of information to provide streamflow forecasting and current runoff conditions for river and reservoir operations.  This dataset includes the geographical locations of the sampling stations and associated parameters for data collection in each state within the Great Plains Region.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
Contains monthly reports on 7060s and stipulations related to enforcement of the Animal Welfare and Horse Protection Acts. Form 7060 - Official warning of an alleged violation of statue or regulation and notice to the subject that APHIS may seek civil or criminal penalties for alleged violation in the future if the subject again violates. Stipulation - a pre-litigation monetary settlement between APHIS and the subject.  The stipulation provides the subject with notice of alleged violation, affords the subject an opportunity for an administrative hearing, and offers the subject an opportunity to waive the hearing and pay a monetary penalty calculated within Civil Penalty guidelines.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP), also known as the Nation's Report Card, is the only nationally representative and continuing assessment of what America's students know and can do in various subject areas. NAEP includes data from Main NAEP, Long-term Trend NAEP, and the High School Transcript Data.n
Real-time, worldwide earthquake list for the past day
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate precipitation and temperature reports for Mexico and the West Indies.
FuelEconomy.gov provides comprehensive information about vehicles' fuel economy. The official U.S. government site for fuel economy information, it is operated by the Department of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency. The site provides access to general information, widgets to help car buyers, and fuel economy datasets.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the Eastern Pacific.
Income limits used to determine the income eligibility of applicants for assistance under three programs authorized by the National Housing Act. These programs are the Section 221(d)(3) Below Market Interest Rate (BMIR) rental program, the Section 235 program, and the Section 236 program. These income limits are listed by dollar amount and family size, and they are effective on the date issued.  Due to the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-289), Income Limits used to determine qualification levels as well as set maximum rental rates for projects funded with tax credits authorized under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code) and projects financed with tax exempt housing bonds issued to provide qualified residential rental development under section 142 of the Code (hereafter referred to as Multifamily Tax Subsidy Projects (MTSPs)) are now calculated and presented separately from the Section 8 income limits.
The report titled RECA Claims as of [current date] by State/Country, reflects the number of claims filed, pending, denied, approved, and compensation awarded, based on the state and in certain cases, the country of the individual claimant.  It is important to note that the data (state and country) reflects the residency of the claimant receiving the compensation awards; it does not reflect the location where the individual was exposed.  For example, many claimants were exposed to radiation while present in the Southwestern United States.  However, the report reflects that compensation awards were sent to residents of many states and countries.  Moreover, in cases involving multiple beneficiaries, the data reflects the residency of the lead beneficiary, i.e., the individual who completed the claim form.
Contains bibliographic data for Department of Energy (DOE) research report literature available in full-text online in the DOE Information Bridge.  Default request returns first one hundred records.  See Technical Documentation for instructions on obtaining additional records.  This data service allows the downloading of bibliographic records in formats that can be used to load the records into other databases or search tools.  To search the DOE Information Bridge, use the Agency Program Page below.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the North Atlantic, Caribbean Sea, and Gulf of Mexcio.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This data collection supplies annual data on the size of the prison population and the size of the general population in the United States for the period 1925 to 1986. These yearend counts include tabulations for prisons in each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia, as well as the federal prisons, and are intended to provide a measure of the overall size of the prison population. The figures were provided from a voluntary reporting program in which each state, the District of Columbia, and the Federal Bureau of Prisons reported summary statistics as part of the statistical information on prison populations in the United States.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the North Atlantic, Caribbean Sea, and Gulf of Mexcio.
Geochemistry of soils and other regoliths collected and analyzed by Hans Shacklette and colleagues from 1958 until about 1976
The database contains information on U.S. Department of Education grant and cooperative-agreement awards for the most recent fiscal years.   Five Ways to Search for Grant Awards:   Pick List Search - search for grant awards by selecting (picking) from lists of actual data (up to 10 selections per list).  Text Search - search for awards using a particular text string, such as zip code  Date Search - search for awards made in a date range  Abstract Search - search awards with abstracts  Summary Reports - find summary award information by state and grant program. Also find large dollar individual grants.
This product brings together 1960-2008 data on fertilizer consumption in the United States by plant nutrient and major selected product, as well as consumption of mixed fertilizers, secondary nutrients, and micronutrients. Share of crop area receiving fertilizer and fertilizer use per receiving acre, by nutrient, are presented for the major producing States for corn, cotton, soybeans, and wheat. Additional data include fertilizer farm prices and indices of wholesale fertilizer price. Fertilizer price data have been updated to 2010.
Information about grants made by the National Endowment for the Humanities from FY 2010 - present.
Background: Chemical toxicity testing is being transformed by advances in biology and computer modeling, concerns over animal use and the thousands of environmental chemicals lacking toxicity data. EPA's ToxCast program aims to address these concerns by screening and prioritizing chemicals for potential human toxicity using in vitro assays and in silico approaches.  Objectives: This project aims to evaluate the use of in vitro assays for understanding the types of molecular and pathway perturbations caused by environmental chemicals and to build initial prioritization models of in vivo toxicity.   Methods: We tested 309 mostly pesticide active chemicals in 467 assays across 9 technologies, including high-throughput cell-free assays and cell-based assays in multiple human primary cells and cell lines, plus rat primary hepatocytes. Both individual and composite scores for effects on genes and pathways were analyzed.   Results: Chemicals display a broad spectrum of activity at the molecular and pathway levels. Many expected interactions are seen, including endocrine and xenobiotic metabolism enzyme activity. Chemicals range in promiscuity across pathways, from no activity to affecting dozens of pathways. We find a statistically significant inverse association between the number of pathways perturbed by a chemical at low in vitro concentrations and the lowest in vivo dose at which a chemical causes toxicity. We also find associations between a small set in vitro assays and rodent liver lesion formation.  Conclusions: This approach promises to provide meaningful data on the thousands of untested environmental chemicals, and to guide targeted testing of environmental contaminants.
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset represents patient satisfaction based on survey data broken out by ethnicity.
A comprehensive image analysis package for the processing, display, analysis, and quality control of ocean color data.
The NTSB release of preliminary aviation accident statistics for the 2010 calendar year, showing improvements in some industry sectors but increased accident rates in others.
2008 data on small business, small farm, and community development lending reported by certain commercial banks and savings institutions, pursuant to the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA).n
Attributes of over 900 mineral facilities
The UV Index Widget displays the ultraviolet (UV) Index providing a daily forecast of the expected risk of overexposure to the sun for a user-specified area of interest
The Southeast BLS Information Office in Atlanta services the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 1992
The Biennial Reporting System (BRS) widget allows users to retrieve hazardous waste information for large quantity generators for an area of interest as reported by the Biennial Reporting System
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
This database represents the most comprehensive picture of project-based subsidies.  It was created to provide HUD partners/clients with a way of measuring the potential impact of expiring project-based subsidy contracts in their communities.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the Eastern Pacific.
Provides recipient and disbursement information each quarter for the Federal Pell, Academic Competitiveness, National SMART and Teach Grant Programs by postsecondary school.
Sales and conversion data for securities issued in TreasuryDirect
Collected survey microdata on income and program participation.
The North American Transborder Freight Database contains freight flow data by commodity type and by mode of transportation (rail, truck, pipeline, air, vessel, and other) for U.S. exports to and imports from Canada and Mexico.  It allows users to analyze movement of merchandise by all land modes, waterborne vessels, and by air carriers.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the North Atlantic, Caribbean Sea, and Gulf of Mexcio.
The Western BLS Information Office in San Francisco services the states of Alaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, and Washington.
Provides physical inventory distribution data by title (active only) for resources available on the SAMHSA Store (http://store.samhsa.gov).  Data do not include electronic distribution (e.g., PDF downloads) or distribution of archived resources.
The National Longitudinal Surveys (NLS) are a set of surveys designed to gather information at multiple points in time on the labor market activities and other significant life events of several groups of men and women. For more than 4 decades, NLS data have served as an important tool for economists, sociologists, and other researchers.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2009. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
National Directory of people and organizations for the BIE Central Office, Education Line Offices, and BIE funded schools
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset contains the data about Central Line Infections and Ventilator Associated Pnemonia.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate Podcasts for NHC media briefings for current US Coast  or US Territorial Islands landfalling hurricanes (en Espanol)
NOAA's National Weather Service National Air Quality Forecast System (AQFS) Graphic Forecast displays (http://www.weather.gov/aq) are web based presentations of gridded forecast guidance originating from the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP). Ozone and smoke data are displayed for a domain covering contiguous United States, Alaska and Hawaii.  Ozone is shown as 1-hour and 8-hour average concentrations(in parts per billion or ppb), and smoke concentration in 1-hour averages, updated twice daily.  Fire locations are provided by the NOAA's Satellite and Information Service Hazard Mapping System.  Additional information on air quailty can be found under EPA's AIRNow site.     For further information, please visit NOAA's Air Resources  Laboratory web site (http://www.arl.noaa.gov).
The Database of Accredited Postsecondary Institutions and Programs is compiled entirely from publicly available information reported to the U.S. Department of Education by recognized accrediting agencies and state approval agencies that have been asked to provide information for each institution and/or program accredited by that agency. This reported information is not audited. The database is updated to reflect additional information as it is received from recognized accrediting agencies and state approval agencies but the Department makes no guarantee that the database will be updated immediately upon receipt of such information. The U.S. Department of Education cannot, therefore, guarantee that the information contained in the database is accurate, current, or complete.
This dataset consists of the non confidential identities of chemical substances submitted under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA). TSCA was enacted to ensure that chemicals manufactured, imported, processed, or distributed in commerce, or used or disposed of in the United States do not pose any unreasonable risks to human health or the environment. EPA adds chemical substances to the TSCA Inventory following EPA's receipt of a Notice of Commencement (NOC) signaling the manufacturer's intent to produce a chemical substance that EPA has previously reviewed and approved. Since EPA published the final TSCA Inventory Reporting Rule on December 23, 1977, the TSCA Inventory has grown to include the identities of over 83,000 chemical substances.
Official Development Assistance (ODA) is defined by international agreement under the Development Assistance Committee at the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD/DAC) . These U.S. ODA statistics provide details of U.S Official Development Assistance by country and implementing agency as reported to the OECD/DAC.
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2004. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Budget Submission to Congress for FY 2010
Daily Treasury Bill Rates: These rates are the daily secondary market quotation on the most recently auctioned Treasury Bills for each maturity tranche (4-week, 13-week, 26-week, and 52-week) that Treasury currently issues new Bills. Market quotations are obtained at approximately 3:30 PM each business day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Bank Discount rate is the rate at which a Bill is quoted in the secondary market and is based on the par value, amount of the discount and a 360-day year. The Coupon Equivalent, also called the Bond Equivalent, or the Investment Yield, is the bill's yield based on the purchase price, discount, and a 365- or 366-day year. The Coupon Equivalent can be used to compare the yield on a discount bill to the yield on a nominal coupon bond that pays semiannual interest.
The GIS Web Mapping Application is design to have the look and feel as Google Earth. The primary functionality is to provide the user information about FRA's rail lines, rail crossings, freight stations, and mileposting.
Number of wildland fires and acres burned as a result of lightning, from 2001 through 2008 (updated annually). Displayed by the eleven Geographic Areas used by the interagency wildland fire community for wildland fire resource ordering and dispatching. Includes federal (Bureau of Land Management, US Forest Service, National Park Service, Fish and Wildlife Service, Bureau of Indian Affairs) and state/local jurisdictions.  This information is supplied by the Department of Interior and the Department of Agriculture.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the North Atlantic, Caribbean Sea, and Gulf of Mexcio.
The Warehouse Inventory Search tool is a Web-based search-and-order tool that provides a way for users to search for Earth Science data from multiple participating archives.
This file contains the date, CUSIP numbers, ticker symbols, issuer name, price, and total number of fails-to-deliver (i.e., the balance level outstanding) recorded in the National Securities Clearing Corporation's ("NSCC") Continuous Net Settlement (CNS) system aggregated over all NSCC members for securities with a balance of total fails-to-deliver of under 10,000 shares between September 16, 2008 and June 30, 2009. Prior to January 21, 2010, this data was not available. The data include fails-to-deliver in equity securities. The values of total fails-to-deliver shares represent the aggregate net balance of shares that failed to be delivered as of a particular settlement date. Fails to deliver on a given day are a cumulative number of all fails outstanding until that day, plus new fails that occur that day, less fails that settle that day. The figure is not a daily amount of fails, but a combined figure that includes both new fails on the reporting day as well as existing fails. In other words, these numbers reflect aggregate fails as of a specific point in time, and may have little or no relationship to yesterday's aggregate fails. Thus, it is important to note that the age of fails cannot be determined by looking at these numbers. In addition, the underlying source(s) of the fails-to-deliver shares is not necessarily the same as the underlying source(s) of the fails-to-deliver shares reported the day prior or the day after.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The data are drawn from the OPE Equity in Athletics Disclosure Website database. This database consists of athletics data that are submitted annually as required by the Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act (EADA), via a Web-based data collection, by all co-educational postsecondary institutions that receive Title IV funding (i.e., those that participate in federal student aid programs) and that have an intercollegiate athletics program.  The Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act requires co-educational institutions of postsecondary education that participate in a Title IV, federal student financial assistance program, and have an intercollegiate athletic program, to prepare an annual report to the Department of Education on athletic participation, staffing, and revenues and expenses, by men's and women's teams. The Department will use this information in preparing its required report to the Congress on gender equity in intercollegiate athletics.
Quarterly and annual estimates of transactions with foreigners, including trade in goods and services, receipts and payments of income, transfers, and transactions in financial assets.
A breakdown of Railroad employees by State, Class of Employer and Last Railroad Employer
NOAA Tide Predictions* (*http://tidesandcurrents.noaa.gov/tide_predictions.shtml) is a web-based tool that provides official U.S. tide predictions for nearly 3000 locations along with a powerful array of new features. These features enable users to customize many aspects of how tide predictions will be delivered to maximize their utility for whatever application is being supported. NOAA Tide Predictions is the official U.S. source for reliable and accurate tide prediction information that professional and recreational mariners can easily access and use. The information provided by NOAA Tide Predictions contributes to the navigational safety and efficiency of transporting goods, services, and people through the Nation's Marine Transportation System.
The National Weather Service (NWS) maintains historical Eastern Pacific Ocean hurricane weather data in a format that can be exploited by Graphic Information System (GIS) software. Using KML/KMZ formats, it takes the numbers and words from the rows and columns in databases and spreadsheets and puts them on a map.  This data file contains information about named and unnamed Eastern Pacific Ocean tropical storms and hurricanes from 1949 to 2006.  Once downloaded, the file can be decompiled by decade and by year in a a KML/KMZ GIS viewer.
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset contains the data regarding the volume of surgical procedures performed at a facility.
This is a xml news update file to inform the public about recent regulatory alerts, Advocacy small business statistics reports, Advocacy small business research reports, and Advocacy regulatory comment letters
National Center for Veterans Analysis and Statistics (NCVAS) Web Site.  The web site contains a collection of statistics, data, and reports about Veterans and the utilization of VA benefits and services.
Purchase-only monthly HPI for the United States and its census divisions for the period January 1991 to February 2010, provided in both seasonally adjusted and not seasonally adjusted.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the Eastern Pacific.
A directory of the Twitter hashtags, and related resources, that @samhsagov uses on a frequent basis. Note: SAMHSA is not responsible for the content using these hashtags aside from posting from SAMHSA's official Twitter account.
The Federal Procurement Data System houses Federal contract information where a contract's value is expected to exceed the micro-purchase threshold.
A KMZ file with the location of all the EPA ambient ozone monitors with the ability to download data from within the description box.
Geochemical data for soils collected by USGS personnel and analyzed by USGS. These data were part of the Rock Analysis Storage System and are now merged into the National Geochemistry Database.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) was enacted by Congress and made effective on January 1, 1989, replacing the former Tariff Schedules of the United States. nnThe HTS comprises a hierarchical structure for describing all goods in trade for duty, quota, and statistical purposes. This structure is based upon the international Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System (HS), administered by the World Customs Organization in Brussels ; the 4- and 6-digit HS product categories are subdivided into 8-digit unique U.S. rate lines and 10-digit non-legal statistical reporting categories. Classification of goods in this system must be done in accordance with the General and Additional U.S. Rules of Interpretation, starting at the 4-digit heading level to find the most specific provision and then moving to the subordinate categories.nnThe "general" rates of duty subcolumn contains U.S. normal trade relations duty rates; products of some NTR countries may be eligible for preferential tariff programs, as reflected in the "special" subcolumn. Column 2 (the so-called "statutory rates") applies to countries listed in general note 3(b); the general notes set forth the rules for applying the HTS. Embargoes, anti-dumping duties, countervailing duties, and other very specific matters administered by the Executive Branch are not contained in the HTS.nnThe USITC maintains and publishes the HTS (in print and on-line) pursuant to the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988; see the preface to the HTS for additional explanatory material. However, the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection of the Department of Homeland Security is responsible for interpreting and enforcing the HTS.
The Organization Authority Files data set contains a highly detailed presentation of the evolution of names and administrative histories of Federal and non-Federal organizations. It is used by the National Archives and Records Administration as a source of access points for indexing archival descriptions and/or other authority records with consistent headings.
Provides the hierarchical classification scheme used to organize SAMHSA's products and resources on http://store.samhsa.gov.
The National Corrections Reporting Program gathers data on prisoners entering and leaving the custody or supervision of state and federal authorities. The dataset is comprised of three types of data: prisoners who were admitted to prison (Part 1), released from prison (Part 2), or released from parole (Part 3). The National Prison Statistics (NPS) program was established in 1926 by the Bureau of the Census in response to a congressional mandate to compile national information on the populations confined in correctional institutions. This program described the characteristics and counts of prison inmates during each calendar year. Since its initiation, responsibility for this program has shifted among several agencies -- in 1950 it was transferred to the Federal Bureau of Prisons and to the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration in 1971. Since 1972, the Bureau of Census, under agreement with the Department of Justice, has had responsibility for compiling the statistical data. Census staff negotiates directly with each state, assembles and edits the data, and prepares the data for analysis and publication.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Extract of open volunteer opportunities within the Federal Government from serve.gov
A list of completed cases where committees have been penalized for failure to file required disclosure reports or for filing reports after the deadline
Total student population by grade level for each state or jurisdiction, including Department of Defense dependents schools, Bureau of Indian Education, and other jurisdictions.
Contains bibliographic data for science and technology conference proceedings and conference papers from the Energy Citations Database.  Default request returns first fifteen records.  See Technical Documentation for instructions on obtaining additional records.  This data service allows the downloading of bibliographic records in formats that can be used to load the records into other databases or search tools.  To search the Conference Information database, use the Agency Program Page below.
This data shows the overall growth and importance of US Trade since 1970
A USAID-funded food security and famine early warning system covering more than 30 of the most food insecure countries in the world
This resource offers characteristics of electric current for most world countries, and is provided as a service to manufacturers of electrical devices and equipment for export, exporters of such electrical devices and equipment, and those who intend to operate such devices in countries other than those where the equipment originated. This resource is an updated web-version of a handbook, "Electric Current Abroad", that the U.S. Department of Commerce has been publishing since 1948.
The OASDI Public-Use Microdata File contains an extract of data fields from SSA's Master Beneficiary Record file and consists of a 1 percent random, representative sample of persons entitled to receive an OASDI benefit payment for December 2001. This file contains approximately 460,000 records, with 16 data fields on each record. Updated beneficiary information is also included in a sub-file of, Benefits Data for the Benefit and Earnings Public Use File, 2004 (Dataset Unique ID 56).
Federal Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Production Statistics for the Gulf of Mexico by month and summarized annually.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 1995
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset defines the quality of care at a national level between rural vs urban populations.
Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS), conducted every 3 to 4 years, collects data from over 3,000 State and local law enforcement agencies, including all those that employ 100 or more sworn officers and a nationally representative sample of smaller agencies. Data are obtained on the organization and administration of police and sheriffs' departments including agency responsibilities, operating expenditures, job functions of sworn and civilian employees, officer salaries and special pay, demographic characteristics of officers, weapons and armor policies, education and training requirements, computers and information systems, vehicles, special units, and community policing activities.
This dataset represents time taken to hire a GSA employee.
The Interagency Working Group (IAWG) on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training was created in 1998 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training.  Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices. nnIAWG FY2008 East Asia and Pacific Regional Reports statistical reports that will be included in our dataset follow:nnParticipants by Employment TypenParticipants by Field of ActivitynInventory of Participants by CountrynParticipants by Federal Sponsor
The National Weather Service (NWS) Storm Prediction Center uses RSS feeds to disseminate all watches, warnings and advisories for the United States that are currently in force.  These RSS feeds are regularly updated to include the most current information that may include today's watches, warnings and/or advisories, as well as forecast information for future dates that meet watch, warning, or advisory conditions.  Although available to all, the data summarized in these RSS feeds may be of particular value to weather professionals, meteorology students, emergency managers, and others who track weather conditions for personal, governmental, or commercial purposes.This tool provides access to NWS watches, warnings, advisories, and other similar products in the Common Alerting Protocol (CAP) and Atom Syndication Format (ATOM).Use of ATOM and CAP with Traditional and Emerging TechnologiesNWS CAP and ATOM feeds can be used to launch Internet messages, trigger alerting systems, feed mobile device (e.g., cell phone/smart phone and tablet) applications, news feeds, television text captions, highway sign messages, and synthesized voice over automated telephone calls or radio broadcasts.
The Safe Drinking Water Information System (SDWIS) widget allows users to determine the public water systems for a specific county that have violations reported in SDWIS
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Treasury Long-Term Average Rate and Extrapolation Factors. Beginning February 18, 2002, Treasury ceased publication of the 30-year constant maturity series. Instead, from February 19, 2002 through May 28, 2004, Treasury published a Long-Term Average Rate, "LT>25," (not to be confused with the Long-Term Composite Rate, definitions below). In addition, Treasury published daily linear extrapolation factors that could be added to the Long-Term Average Rate to allow interested parties to compute an estimated 30-year rate. On June 1, 2004, Treasury discontinued the "LT>25" average due to a dearth of eligible bonds. In place of the "LT>25" average, Treasury published the Treasury 20-year Constant Maturity rate on this page along with an extrapolation factor that was added to the 20-year Constant Maturity to obtain an estimate for a theoretical 30-year rate. On February 9, 2006, Treasury reintroduced the 30-year constant maturity and is no longer publishing the extrapolation factor.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
This feed provides readers with abstracts of published articles.
Number of wildland fires and acres burned as a result of human causes, from 2001 through 2008 (updated annually). Displayed by the eleven Geographic Areas used by the interagency wildland fire community for wildland fire resource ordering and dispatching. Includes federal (Bureau of Land Management, US Forest Service, National Park Service, Fish and Wildlife Service, Bureau of Indian Affairs) and state/local jurisdictions.  This information is supplied by the Department of Interior and the Department of Agriculture.
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset defines the quality of care in defined hospital settings: Inpatient, Outpatient and Emergency Room.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB Case Reference/Lookup data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System)
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset defines if the facility has met the Joint Commission Patient Safety Standards and in which year they were surveyed.
A presentation of the average time (in months) from the hearing request date until a hearing is held for claims pending in the Office of Disability Adjudication and Review's hearing offices.  Allows users to estimate the amount  of time they may have to wait for a hearing to be held.
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset defines the scope of services provided at a facility.
Report to the Appropriations Committee of the United States House of Representatives in Response to Conference Committee Report to PL 110-186.  In an effort to provide a snapshot of the quality of care provided at VA health care facilities, this report includes information about waiting times, staffing level, infection rates, surgical volumes, quality measures, patient satisfaction, service availability and complexity, accreditation status, and patient safety. The data in this report have been drawn from multiple sources across VHA.  This dataset identifies whether the facility has Joint Commission Accrediation and/or CARF Accreditation.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 2001
Utility level retail sales of electricity and associated revenue by end-use sector, State, and reporting month.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Represents patient satisfaction based on survey data broken out by inpatient/outpatient and stratified ethnicity
Extraction of bias-motivated offense data from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program.
Query and extract tool for the NTSB aviation accident database -- which contains information about civil aviation accidents and selected incidents within the United States, its territories and possessions, and in international waters.
National-scale geochemical analysis of stream sediments and soils in the US, from existing data, reanalysis of existing samples, and new sampling. Goal for sample density is one per 289 square km.
Current Country Limitation Schedule in XML format - This data set provides the availability of Ex-Im support by country, sector, and term.
Geochemical analyses of water samples throughout the U.S. collected by the hydrogeochemical and stream sediment reconnaissance (HSSR) phase of the National Uranium Resource Evaluation (NURE) program. This database contains 335,547 records.
A subset of the National Geochronological Database as of 1995. Shows the distribution of published K/Ar and Ar/Ar age determinations in the US. Sample location, rock description, analytical data, age, interpretation, and bibliographic reference are given.
This dataset contains an inventory of highway-rail crossings throughout the United States. This information previously was provided voluntarily by the States or by the railroads controlling the crossings.  Now this information is required by law, and so this dataset is in transition.  The inventory includes information about the railroad owning the crossing, the location of the crossing, information about the highway, traffic control information, and physical characteristics of the crossing.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) Chemical Hazard Information Profiles (TRI-CHIP) dataset contains hazard information about the chemicals reported in TRI. Users can use this XML-format dataset to create their own databases and hazard analyses of TRI chemicals. The hazard information is compiled from a series of authoritative sources including the Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS). The dataset is provided as a downloadable .zip file that when extracted provides XML files and schemas for the hazard information tables.

Geochemical analyses of sediment samples throughout the U.S. collected by the hydrogeochemical and stream sediment reconnaissance (HSSR) phase of the National Uranium Resource Evaluation (NURE) program. This database contains 397,625 records.
Extraction of bias-motivated offense data from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
A collection of lunar maps and charts. This tool is an exciting new way to explore the story of the Apollo missions, still the only time mankind has set foot on another world.
An RSS video feed documenting recent Marine Corps news and events provided by Globe TV.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This file contains the Social Security Administration's 2008 FOIA Annual Report.  The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2008.  It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Fine Arts Database records information on federally owned art in the control of the GSA; this includes the location, current condition and information on artists.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 2003
The agricultural baseline database provides longrun, 10-year projections from USDA's annual long-term projections report. The database covers projections for major field crops (corn, sorghum, barley, oats, wheat, rice, soybeans, and upland cotton), and livestock (beef, pork, poultry and eggs, and dairy).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The OECD regional database is delivered through the viewer OECD eXplorer, an interactive mapping tool designed to let users explore, download  and visualize data with maps, histograms, scatterplot and others. The database comprise a set of comparable statistics on about 2000 regions in the 33 OECD countries, on topics such as population, economic output, productivity, labour market, education and innovation themes to highlight differences within countries.
Provides information on available assistance and response activities for major hurricanes.
This dataset contains five elements for Sherman Act violations yielding a corporate fine of $10 million or more- Defendant name (Federal Government Fiscal Year)- Product - Fine ($ in millions)- Geographic scope (domestic or international) - Country
Data set presents historical energy use in native units and billion site-delivered Btu and costs (in 2010 dollars) aggregated at the top-tier Federal agency level for the fiscal years 1975 through 2007.  Data is grouped into two main end-use sectors, facility and mobility energy use, and is further broken down by energy type, electricity, natural gas, petroleum types, coal, steam, and others.
This dataset is a national census of state library agencies.  A state library agency is the official agency of a state that is charged by state law with the extension and development of public library services throughout the state and that has adequate authority under state law to administer state plans in accordance with the provisions of the Library Services and Technology Act (LSTA).  Beyond these two roles, state library agencies vary greatly.  This dataset provides information on the range of roles played by state library agencies and the various combinations of fiscal, human, and informational resources invested in such work.
The Substance Registry Services (SRS) is the authoritative resource for basic information about substances of interest to the U.S. EPA and its state and tribal partners.  Substances, particularly chemicals, can have many valid synonyms.  For example, toluene, methyl benzene, and phenyl methane, are commonly used names for the same chemical.  EPA programs collect environmental data for this chemical using each of these names, plus others.  This diversity leads to problems when a user is looking for programmatic data for toluene but is unaware that the data is stored under the synonym methyl benzene.  For each substance, the SRS identifies the statutes, EPA programs, as well as organization external to EPA, that track or regulate that substance and the synonym used by that statute, EPA program or external organization.  Besides standardized information for each chemical, such as the Chemical Abstracts Services name and the Chemical Abstracts Number and the EPA Registry Name (the EPA standard name), the SRS also includes additional information, such as molecular weight and molecular formula.  Additionally, an SRS Internal Tracking Number uniquely identifies each substance, enabling cross-walking between synonyms. EPA is providing a large .ZIP file providing the SRS data in CSV format, and a separate small metadata file in XML containing the field names and definitions.
Daily Treasury Bill Rates: These rates are the daily secondary market quotation on the most recently auctioned Treasury Bills for each maturity tranche (4-week, 13-week, 26-week, and 52-week) that Treasury currently issues new Bills. Market quotations are obtained at approximately 3:30 PM each business day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Bank Discount rate is the rate at which a Bill is quoted in the secondary market and is based on the par value, amount of the discount and a 360-day year. The Coupon Equivalent, also called the Bond Equivalent, or the Investment Yield, is the bill's yield based on the purchase price, discount, and a 365- or 366-day year. The Coupon Equivalent can be used to compare the yield on a discount bill to the yield on a nominal coupon bond that pays semiannual interest.
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2005 estimates of health insurance coverage by age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level and by age, sex, and income categories at the county level.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 1993
FVAP post election survey of american citizens residing overseas, including students, but not tourists or those included in the Federal employees overseas population
The Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) is a comprehensive source of data on the environmental characteristics of almost all electric power generated in the United States. These environmental characteristics include air emissions for nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide; emissions rates; net generation; resource mix; and many other attributes.  eGRID2010 contains the complete release of year 2007 data, as well as years 2005 and 2004 data.  Excel spreadsheets, full documentation, summary data, eGRID subregion and NERC region representational maps, and GHG emission factors are included in this data set.  The Archived data in eGRID2002 contain years 1996 through 2000 data.  For year 2007 data, the first Microsoft Excel workbook, Plant, contains boiler, generator, and plant spreadsheets. The second Microsoft Excel workbook, Aggregation, contains aggregated data by state, electric generating company, parent company, power control area, eGRID subregion, NERC region, and U.S. total levels. The third Microsoft Excel workbook, ImportExport, contains state import-export data, as well as U.S. generation and consumption data for years 2007, 2005, and 2004.  For eGRID data for years 2005 and 2004, a user friendly web application, eGRIDweb, is available to select, view, print, and export specified data.
The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide ' This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The annual data tables contained in this document provide summary statistics on the civil enforcement activities of the United States Trustee Program.  These tables summarize data for Fiscal Year 2004 through Fiscal Year 2010 (October 1, 2003 through September 30, 2010).  This report covers formal actions.  Formal actions include all motions, complaints, and objections filed by Program personnel with the bankruptcy court seeking some type of relief.
Daily Treasury Bill Rates: These rates are the daily secondary market quotation on the most recently auctioned Treasury Bills for each maturity tranche (4-week, 13-week, 26-week, and 52-week) that Treasury currently issues new Bills. Market quotations are obtained at approximately 3:30 PM each business day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Bank Discount rate is the rate at which a Bill is quoted in the secondary market and is based on the par value, amount of the discount and a 360-day year. The Coupon Equivalent, also called the Bond Equivalent, or the Investment Yield, is the bill's yield based on the purchase price, discount, and a 365- or 366-day year. The Coupon Equivalent can be used to compare the yield on a discount bill to the yield on a nominal coupon bond that pays semiannual interest.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 2002
Country Specific Information is available for every country of the world. It includes such information as location of the U.S. embassy or consulate in the subject country, unusual immigration practices, health conditions, minor political disturbances, unusual currency and entry regulations, crime and security information, and drug penalties
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 10/01/1999 through 12/02/2009
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
British Petroleum (BP) provided data file from its Oil &  Gas Recovery efforts at its off-shore leaking well. This document lists key events beginning with the April 20 fire on the Deepwater Horizon through June 4.
The Pentagon Channel's high-energy 30-minute workout program led by servicemembers with expertise in fitness training.
Abstract: A Keyhole Markup Language file has been created to view Wetlands Data within the continental United States with Google Earth.  Please note that Google Earth version 4.2, or higher, is required to run this file.  This data set represents the extent, approximate location and type of wetlands and deepwater habitats in the conterminous United States. These data delineate the areal extent of wetlands and surface waters as defined by Cowardin et al. (1979).      Certain wetland habitats are excluded from the National mapping program because of the limitations of aerial imagery as the primary data source used to detect wetlands. These habitats include seagrasses or submerged aquatic vegetation that are found in the intertidal and subtidal zones of estuaries and near shore coastal waters. Some deepwater reef communities (coral or tuberficid worm reefs) have also been excluded from the inventory. These habitats, because of their depth, go undetected by aerial imagery.      By policy, the Service also excludes certain types of "farmed wetlands" as may be defined by the Food Security Act or that do not coincide with the Cowardin et al. definition. Contact the Service's Regional Wetland Coordinator for additional information on what types of farmed wetlands are included on wetland maps.    Purpose: The present goal of the Service is to provide the citizens of the United States and its Trust Territories with current geospatially referenced information on the status, extent, characteristics and functions of wetlands, riparian, deepwater and related aquatic habitats in priority areas to promote the understanding and conservation of these resources.    Supplemental_Information: The wetland maps were produced as topical overlays using U.S. Geological Survey topographic maps as the base. The hard copy product is a composite map showing topographic and planimetric features from the USGS map base and wetlands and deepwater habitats from the Service's topical overlay. Thus, the data are intended for use in publications, at a scale of 1:24,000 or smaller. Due to the scale, the primary intended use is for regional and watershed data display and analysis, rather than specific project data analysis. The map products were neither designed or intended to represent legal or regulatory products.      Comments regarding the interpretation or classification of wetlands or deepwater habitats can be directed to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Division of Federal Program Activities, Branch of Habitat Assessment       These data were developed in conjunction with the publication Cowardin, L.M., V. Carter, F.C. Golet, and E.T. LaRoe. 1979. Classification of Wetlands and Deepwater Habitats of the United States. U.S. Department of the Interior, Fish and Wildlife Service, Washington, DC. FWS/OBS-79/31. Alpha-numeric map codes have been developed to correspond to the wetland and deepwater classifications described.      These spatial data are not designed to stand alone. They form topical overlays to the U.S. Geological Survey 1:24,000 or 1:25,000 scale topographic quadrangles. Note that coastline delineations were drawn to follow the extent of wetland or deepwater features as described by this project and may not match the coastline shown in other base maps.      Any use of trade, product, or firm names is for descriptive purposes only and does not imply endorsement by the U.S. Government.      Although this Federal Geographic Data Committee-compliant metadata file is intended to document the data set in nonproprietary form, as well as in Arc/INFO format, this metadata file may include some Arc/INFO-specific terminology.
Household Product Related Recalls.  CPSC is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of serious injury or death from thousands of types of consumer products.
A cross-sectional survey of a nationally representative sample of 6,520 social security beneficiaries age 18-64 receiving disability benefits in active pay status as of June 2003.  The NBS collects data on: 1. work-relevant characteristics of Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) beneficiaries; 2.  work-related goals and activities of SSDI and SSI beneficiaries, particularly as they relate to implementation of the Ticket to Work program; and 3.  service use, barriers to work, and perceptions about TTW and other SSA programs designed to help beneficiaries with disabilities find and keep jobs.
Data pertaining to federal departments' and agencies' Freedom of Information Act requests and appeals
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 2000
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 1999
The Geographic Distribution of VA Expenditures (GDX)  is an annual report that shows estimated VA expenditures for major programmatic areas by geographic area (state, county, and congressional district). The major programmatic areas are: Compensation and Pension; Readjustment (Education) and Vocational Rehabilitation; Insurance; Construction; and, Medical and Administrative.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
In 2007-08, Mathematica Policy Research and the University of Ouagadougou conducted household and school surveys as part of MCC's evaluation of the Burkina Faso Threshold Program, which sought to increase educational attainment through the construction of schools and complementary interventions. The surveys were conducted in 291 villages, of which 132 were participant villages and 159 comparison villages.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 1997
Long Term Real Rate Average: The Long-Term Real Rate Average is the unweighted average of bid real yields on all outstanding TIPS with remaing maturities of more than 10 years and is intended as a proxy for long-term real rates.
A national survey conducted to obtain information about household food expenditures, food program participation, food sufficiency, ways for coping with food insecurity, and concerns about food security.  The universe for the survey are households eligible for the basic Current Population Survey (CPS).  This includes households that are 185 percent of poverty and lower that will be asked all supplement questions as well as households over 185 percent of poverty that will be asked only a few questions, unless their answers identify  them as "food insecure" and therefore eligible for the entire supplement. This is a proxy response supplement.  However, interviewers are asked to interview (if at all possible) the person who buys or prepares the food for the household.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 1998
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2007 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Reulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Research.gov Research Spending and Results is an online, user-friendly platform to access and search detailed information about federally funded science and engineering research and education, giving the general public, the scientific community and Congress visibility into the results achieved with federally-funded  research.  Research awards are easily searchable by agency, awardee, award amount and date, state and congressional district (where award was made and the work is being performed), and key word such as a field of science.  Information can be reviewed online or exported to various file formats, such as XML, CSV and XLS.  Detailed information on federally funded research can be found for multiple agencies.  Information provided for each award includes: * Award recipient (institution and researcher), * Award Amount and funds obligated to date, * Period of Performance, * State and Congressional district of where the award was made and where the work is being performed., * Award Abstract describing the research effort, * Citations of Journals Published as a result of the award
The SSI Public-Use Microdata File contains an extract of data fields from SSA's Supplemental Security Record file and consists of a 5 percent random, representative sample of persons who received a federal SSI benefit in December 2001. This file contains approximately 320,000 records, with 13 data fields on each record.
The Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth database of images hosts the best and most complete online collection of astronaut photographs of the Earth.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Old Hickory reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Interagency Working Group (IAWG) on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training was created in 1998 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training.  Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices. nnIAWG FY2008 Eurasia (formerly New Independent States) Regional Reports statistical reports that will be included in our dataset follow:nnParticipants by Employment TypenParticipants by Field of ActivitynInventory of Participants by CountrynParticipants by Federal Sponsor
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 2004
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
Results of recent auctions of Treasury securities, including offering amount, issue date, amount awarded, discount rate or interest rate
Baseline survey for impact evaluation of MCC's farmer training investments in Armenia.  MCC program's goal in Armenia is to reduce rural poverty through better economic performance in the agricultural sector by improving irrigation infrastructure and training farmers. To evaluate the impact of the farmer training on on-farm water management and high value agriculture, MCC and its evaluation partners developed the Farming Practices Survey. The baseline survey was completed by Jen Consult/AREG NGO in late 2007 and early 2008, with a sample of approximately 5,000 farming households in 350 communities across Armenia.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Dale Hollow reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Federal Supply Classification (FSC) Search Tool is a logistics tool developed to search for items of supply identified under the Federal Catalog System.   The structure of the FSC, as presently established, consists of 78 groups, which are subdivided into over 600 classes.  The tool allows for searches by entering the FSC, FSG or Title. Results of specific searches are output on a Results List, identifying FSC or FSG and Title. From here the highlighted item is displayed, providing all related data elements.
The National Map includes lower 48 states coverage of hydrography, orthoimagery, elevation, geographic place names, landcover, structures, boundaries, and transportation at 1:24,000 scale accuracy and better.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 1994
This survey collects data on revenues and expenditures for each public, elementary and secondary education school district in the United States.  Data are collected from state education agencies who collect it from the school districts and other local education agencies in the state.
Contains bibliographic data for patents relating to various forms of green energy, including solar, wind, tidal, bioenergy, and others, resulting from sponsored research by the Department of Energy and predecessor agencies.  Default request returns first twenty-five records.  See Technical Documentation for instructions on obtaining additional records.  This data service allows the downloading of bibliographic records in formats that can be used to load the records into other databases or search tools.  To search the DOE Green Energy Portal, use the Agency Program Page below.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An interactive dataset containing the metadata for the Data.gov raw datasets and tools catalogs.
Data represents National Nanotechnology Initiative investments by agency and program component area (PCA) from FY 2001 through FY 2010 (requested). While this data has been available as part of the NNI's annual supplements to the President's Budget, the funding data presented here is more accessible and readily available for analysis by users to assess trends and examine investment allocations over the 10-year history of the NNI. The cumulative NNI investment of nearly $12 billion in nanotechnology research and development continues to advance our understanding of the unique phenomena and processes that occur at the nanoscale and to leverage that knowledge to speed innovation in high-impact opportunity areas such as energy, security, and medicine.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Lists contract purpose, suppliers, dollar amount, effective dates, NRC identifying number, and award types of contracts whose estimated values are greater than or equal to $100,000
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A cross-sectional survey of a nationally representative sample of 4,864 social security beneficiaries age 18-64 receiving disability benefits in active pay status as of June 2004. The NBS collects data on: 1. work-relevant characteristics of Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) beneficiaries; 2. work-related goals and activities of SSDI and SSI beneficiaries, particularly as they relate to implementation of the Ticket to Work program; and 3. service use, barriers to work, and perceptions about TTW and other SSA programs designed to help beneficiaries with disabilities find and keep jobs.
ECOTOX is the largest database compilation of ecotoxicity information in the world, providing data on the adverse effects of single chemical stressors to ecologically relevant aquatic and terrestrial species.  The primary source of ECOTOX data is the peer-reviewed literature, resulting from comprehensive searches of the open literature followed by abstraction and review of data that meet minimum data quality requirements.  ECOTOX also includes third-party data collections from U.S. EPA Program Offices, the U.S. Geologic Survey, Russia, and OECD member nations.  Data are not interpreted during the coding process, representing the information on species, chemicals, test methods and toxicity results as presented by the author(s).
Baseline survey for impact evaluation of MCC's roads improvement investments in Tanzania.  The evaluation will examine the project's household- and community-level effects on local standards of living along the roads.  For the evaluation of major roads on the mainland, Economic Development Initiatives conducted a survey of 3,000 households in 200 communities in 2009.  For the Pemba rural roads evaluation, Economic Development Initiatives conducted a survey on 570 households in the treatment group and 630 households in the comparison group.
FVAP post election survey  of active duty members and full-time active reservists who are US citizens w/more than 4 months of service. Spouses and children of military members are not included
A list of the state averages for the Use of Medical Imaging quality ratings.  These measures give you information about hospitals' use of medical imaging tests for outpatients. Medical Imaging are Tests that create images of various parts of the body to screen for or diagnose medical conditions. Examples of medical imaging include CT Scans, MRIs, and mammograms.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Extraction of data regarding felonious and accidental in-the-line-of-duty deaths, as well as assaults on officers from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program.
This annual report provides a compilation of statistical information covering the broad field of education from prekindergarten through graduate school. Topics in the Digest include: the number of schools and colleges; teachers; enrollments; graduates; educational attainment; finances; federal funds for education; employment and income of graduates; libraries; technology; and international comparisons.  The 2009 edition of the Digest of Education Statistics is the 45th in a series of publications initiated in 1962. The Digest has been issued annually except for combined editions for the years 1977-78, 1983-84, and 1985-86. Its primary purpose is to provide a compilation of statistical information covering the broad field of American education from prekindergarten through graduate school. The Digest includes a selection of data from many sources, both government and private, and draws especially on the results of surveys and activities carried out by the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES). To qualify for inclusion in the Digest, material must be nationwide in scope and of current interest and value. The publication contains information on a variety of subjects in the field of education statistics, including the number of schools and colleges, teachers, enrollments, and graduates, in addition to data on educational attainment, finances, federal funds for education, libraries, and international comparisons. Supplemental information on population trends, attitudes on education, education characteristics of the labor force, government finances, and economic trends provides background for evaluating education data. Although the Digest contains important information on federal education funding, more detailed information on federal activities is available from federal education program offices.
United States Army human interest news.
Contains information on improper payments for programs found to be susceptible to improper payments under the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 (IPIA).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for J Percy Priest reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Forms 990-PF by IRC Section 501(c)(3) private foundations and Section 4947(a)(1) nonexempt charitable trusts for Tax Year 1996
A listing by hearing office of the number of hearings held either in-person or by video-conferencing.
This dataset represents all technologies available for licensing from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) as well as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
FVAP pot election survey of unit voting assistance officers in all branches of the Uniformed Services CONUS/OCONUS.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Plant Variety Protection Office (PVPO) Scanned Certificates Database is a collection of Certificates of Protection for new plant varieties that are seed reproduced or tuber propagated.  A variety may be represented by seeds, transplants, plants, tubers, tissue culture plantlets and other matter.  A Certificate of Protection is awarded to an owner of a variety after an examination shows that it is new, distinct from other varieties, and genetically uniformed and stable through successive generations.  This tool allows stakeholders access to the breeding history and morphological characteristics used in developing new plant varieties.  This tool contains over 5,000 varieties that have been issued a Certificate of Protection since 1975.
Provides interactive access to Federal Reserve statistical data in a variety of electronic formats.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Total student population and percentage distribution by demographic for each state or jurisdiction, including Department of Defense dependents schools, Bureau of Indian Education, and other jurisdictions.
Number of Job Corps enrollees by home state and zip code
This is a monthly dataset of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) requests received and processed by the US Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) during the month.  Each record in the dataset is associated with a FOIA request.  It includes the case control number, requester name, document scanned date, and request subject.
Renewable energy resource website
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. n nThe current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
The Cleanups in my Community widget returns facilities within the area of interest that are in the process of being cleaned up, or have been cleaned up, by programs falling under the Cleanups in my Community Banner
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. n nThe current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. n nThe current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register.  Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register.  The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov.  The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See:  http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
The Large Truck* Crash Causation Study (LTCCS) is based on a three-year data collection project conducted by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) of the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT). LTCCS is the first-ever national study to attempt to determine the critical events and associated factors that contribute to serious large truck crashes allowing DOT and others to implement effective countermeasures to reduce the occurrence and severity of these crashes.
Child and Adult Care Food Participation plays a vital role in improving the quality of day care for children and elderly adults by making care more affordable for many low-income families.   Through CACFP, nearly 3 million children and 90,000 adults receive nutritious meals and snacks each day as part of the day care they receive.  The data set contains participation; meals served, and cash payments to states. (format: html,  xls)
Geochemical data for soils collected in the United States and analyzed by the USGS. The data were originally entered into the in-house PLUTO database. This is a subset of DDS-47.
Treasury Real Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Real Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or R-CMTs. Real yields on Treasury TIPS (Treasury Inflation Protected Securities) at "constant maturity" are interpolated by the U.S. Treasury from Treasury's daily real yield curve. These real market yields are calculated from composites of secondary market quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The real yield values are read from the real yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 5, 7, 10 and 20 years. This method provides a real yield for a 7 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 7 years remaining to maturity.
Average price of retail electricity customers by state by provider annually, back to 1990.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2007 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Reulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
The Prompt Payment Act, along with the Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996, requires the timely payment of commercial obligations for supplies and services using electronic funds transfer (EFT).
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Ft. Patrick Henry reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Midwest BLS Information Office in Chicago services the states of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, and Wisconsin.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Daily Treasury Bill Rates: These rates are the daily secondary market quotation on the most recently auctioned Treasury Bills for each maturity tranche (4-week, 13-week, 26-week, and 52-week) that Treasury currently issues new Bills. Market quotations are obtained at approximately 3:30 PM each business day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Bank Discount rate is the rate at which a Bill is quoted in the secondary market and is based on the par value, amount of the discount and a 360-day year. The Coupon Equivalent, also called the Bond Equivalent, or the Investment Yield, is the bill's yield based on the purchase price, discount, and a 365- or 366-day year. The Coupon Equivalent can be used to compare the yield on a discount bill to the yield on a nominal coupon bond that pays semiannual interest.
The SOCDS provides data for individual Metropolitan Areas, Central Cities, and Suburbs, including demographic and economic statistics, employment, county business patterns, FBI crime data, and local building permits. Definitions of criteria, methodologies, and statistically defined areas are provided.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Apalachia reservoir (lake) in  NC. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Daily Treasury Bill Rates: These rates are the daily secondary market quotation on the most recently auctioned Treasury Bills for each maturity tranche (4-week, 13-week, 26-week, and 52-week) that Treasury currently issues new Bills. Market quotations are obtained at approximately 3:30 PM each business day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Bank Discount rate is the rate at which a Bill is quoted in the secondary market and is based on the par value, amount of the discount and a 360-day year. The Coupon Equivalent, also called the Bond Equivalent, or the Investment Yield, is the bill's yield based on the purchase price, discount, and a 365- or 366-day year. The Coupon Equivalent can be used to compare the yield on a discount bill to the yield on a nominal coupon bond that pays semiannual interest.
The International Data Base (IDB) offers demographic indicators for countries and areas of the world with a population of 5000 or more. The IDB provides many types of demographic data, including estimates and projections of: birth, death, and growth rates, migration rates, infant mortality, life expectancy, fertility rates, total population, and population by age and sex.
A cross-sectional survey of a nationally representative sample of social security beneficiaries age 18-64 receiving disability benefits in active pay status as of June 2005.  The NBS collects data on: 1. work-relevant characteristics of Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) beneficiaries; 2.  work-related goals and activities of SSDI and SSI beneficiaries, particularly as they relate to implementation of the Ticket to Work program; and 3.  service use, barriers to work, and perceptions about TTW and other SSA programs designed to help beneficiaries with disabilities find and keep jobs.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This data set provides farmgate and wholesale prices for select organic and conventional fruits and vegetables, wholesale prices for organic and conventional poultry (broilers) and eggs, as well as f.o.b. and spot prices for organic grain and feedstuffs. Prices are based on those reported by USDA Agricultural Marketing Service Market News, Organic Food Business News, and USDA National Agricultural Statistics Service.

The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Meat, Poultry and Egg Product Inspection Directory is a listing of establishments that produce meat, poultry, and/or egg products regulated by USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) pursuant to the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act.  The directory is updated monthly, and the current edition replaces all previous editions.
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2012.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Cedar Creek reservoir (lake) in  AL. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Last updated August 7, 2012. As registrations are updated regularly, please go to http://www.fara.gov/ for the current FARA information. The Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA) was enacted in 1938. FARA is a disclosure statute that requires persons acting as agents of foreign principals in a political or public relations capacity to make periodic public disclosure of their relationship with the foreign principal, as well as activities, receipts and disbursements in support of those activities. Disclosure of the required information facilitates evaluation by the government and the American people of the statements and activities of such persons in light of their function as foreign agents.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The report titled Radiation Exposure Compensation Program Summary Report, Fiscal Year 1992 to 2010 includes two tables.  The first table is a count of receipts (new claim filing) and reflects the number of receipts since FY 1992.  The second table reflects the number of claims awarded and denied, with award amounts for each fiscal year since 1992.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Nottely reservoir (lake) in  GA. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Foreign Assistance Dashboard aims to incorporate all U.S. Government (USG) foreign assistance budget, financial, program, and performance data in a standard format. It will enable users to track, analyze, and monitor aid investments over time from initial Congressional request to expenditure at the activity level.
This data set represents a cross cut of 13 Federal agencies R&D budget in the area of networking and information technology for FY09 and FY10 brokendown by Program Componet Areas.
The Geographic Distribution of VA Expenditures (GDX)  is an annual report that shows estimated VA expenditures for major programmatic areas by geographic area (state, county, and congressional district). The major programmatic areas are: Compensation and Pension; Readjustment (Education) and Vocational Rehabilitation; Insurance; Construction; and, Medical and Administrative.
Use the SDDS website to see maps of school districts of interest. School district geographic and demographic data useful for describing and analyzing characteristics of school districts, children, and K-12 education is also available. Also, provides location points of private schools and colleges and universities.
The FCC TV Query should be used to generate lists and/or retrieve information about television broadcast stations.  It provides an official listing of all TV Channels.
Aviation Accidents and Accident Rates by NTSB Classification, 1991 through 2010, for U.S. Air Carriers Operating Under 14 CFR 121
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
A list of regulations, orders, and guidance, including significant guidance - which include guidance document disseminated to regulated entities or the general public that may reasonably be anticipated to lead to an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or communities; create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by another agency; materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in Executive Order 12866, as further amended.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
Summary project inventory with independent analysis to quantify the greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions directly attributable to projects to which the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) is financially committed.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
BBG Highlights is a monthly summary of the BBG's accomplishments and news and developments affecting the Agency's work.  Now, for the first time, this monthly update is being produced in machine-readable format, via a blog-like interface.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
Information about grants made by the National Endowment for the Humanities from FY 2000 - FY 2009.
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 2001
The New England BLS Information Office in Boston services the states of Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont.
Create tables with state and national data elements for one or more states related to public elementary and secondary education.  [NOTE: Each state defines its own academic content, assessments, and academic achievement standards; therefore, achievement results are not comparable across states. In addition, because states periodically review and revise their assessment systems, it is often not possible to compare trends within a state across years.]  Following the passage of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA), the U.S. Department of Education has collected more data than ever before about the academic performance of our students and schools. See data on how we are doing as a nation-student achievement in reading and math, high school graduation rates, schools making adequate yearly progress, highly qualified teachers, student participation in tutoring and school choice options, state participation in flexibility options, and more.  ED Data Express is a Web site designed to improve the public's ability to access and explore high-value state-level education data collected by the U.S. Department of Education. The site is designed to be interactive and to present the data in a clear, easy-to-use manner, with options to download information into Excel or manipulate the data within the Web site. The site currently includes data from EDFacts, Consolidated State Performance Reports (CSPR), State Accountability Workbooks, the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), the National Assessment of Education Progress (NAEP), the College Board, and the Department's Budget Service office.
USTR's 2007 FOIA Log
FVAP post election survey of DoD civilian employees overseas
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2008. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Current allowance holdings for entities regulated under CAIR NOx Ozone Season cap and trade program ... power plants and other facilities
Legal Interpretations and the Chief Counsel's opinions are now available at this site.  Your may choose to search by year or by text search.  Please note that not all interpretations or Chief Counsel's opinions are available at this time.  This database consists of legal interpretations issued from 1990 to the present and will be updated on a regular basis.
The Pentagon Channel's "Fit for Duty" episodes that focus on high-energy cardiovascular workouts.
The Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) routinely samples workplaces for chemical exposures.  Samples which require laboratory analysis are sent to the Salt Lake Technical Center's (SLTC) Analytical Services.  Since 1984, sample results generated at the Salt Lake Technical Center have been archived electronically.  The OSHA Chemical Exposure Health Data database on Data.gov contains sampling and analytical data for OSHA compliance samples processed by Salt Lake Technical Center and contained in the electronic archives.
Listing of U.S. Department of Education (ED) Internet Domains.
The database provides funding levels of U.S. Trade Capacity Building (TCB) activities designed to promote economic growth through international trade in developing countries and transition economies. U.S. TCB activities have received a higher profile since the 2001 WTO Ministerial in Doha and their increased funding enables the U.S. Government to fulfill its pledges of support for free trade areas and trade liberalization.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Geochemical data for unconsolidated sediments (stream sediments, lake sediments, etc.) collected in the US and analyzed by the USGS. These data were originally entered in the PLUTO database, which is now merged into the National Geochemistry Database.
These data are estimates of the horizontal near-surface currents of the Tropical Pacific ocean, from October 1992 to current.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Extraction of data regarding felonious and accidental in-the-line-of-duty deaths, as well as assaults on officers from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the VA's Under Secretary for Health are committed to transparency - giving Americans the facts. The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) releases the quality goals and measured performance of VA health care in order to ensure public accountability and to spur constant improvements in health care delivery. The success of this approach is reflected in our receipt of the Annual Leadership Award from the American College of Medical Quality.  Much of the data in LinKS and ASPIRE are simply not measured in other health systems - VA is raising the bar. When available, VA uses outside benchmarks but often sets VA standards or goals at a higher level. VA scores hospitals more than 30% different from the goal as underperforming or red and those only 10% different from the goal are shown in green in ASPIRE. But a red site within the VA might be a good performer compared to outside counterparts. The scoring system is designed to move VA forward. ASPIRE is not about finding fault but about helping VA to target opportunities for improving performance   ASPIRE is a dashboard that documents quality and safety goals for all VA Hospitals. This data shows strengths and opportunities for improvement at the national, regional and local hospital level. Aspire data supports the VA's mission of a continuous health care improvement program to provide the best possible care to Veterans. The database lists many "measures" and our goal for each measure. The data shows "where we are" in comparison to where we want to be. A simple example would be for blood pressure management. The goal for all veterans age 18-85 with high blood pressure is to have blood pressure readings less than 140/90. This measure shows the percentage of Veterans meeting that blood pressure goal. The data in this dashboard will be updated on a regular basis.   VA's Linking Information Knowledge and Systems (LinKS) is a dashboard that documents outcome measures for acute care, ICU, outpatient, safety and annual measures. This data shows strengths and opportunities for improvement at the national, regional and local hospital levels. LinKS supports the VA mission to provide the best possible care to the Veterans. The dashboard shows what we are measuring and our result. A simple example would be for smoking. We measure the percentage of veterans that smoke and what we've done to help them stop smoking such as smoking cessation classes, counseling or medication to help them quit. The data will be updated on a regular basis.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Independent analysis details quantifying the greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions directly attributable to projects to which the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) is financially committed.
Daily Treasury Bill Rates: These rates are the daily secondary market quotation on the most recently auctioned Treasury Bills for each maturity tranche (4-week, 13-week, 26-week, and 52-week) that Treasury currently issues new Bills. Market quotations are obtained at approximately 3:30 PM each business day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Bank Discount rate is the rate at which a Bill is quoted in the secondary market and is based on the par value, amount of the discount and a 360-day year. The Coupon Equivalent, also called the Bond Equivalent, or the Investment Yield, is the bill's yield based on the purchase price, discount, and a 365- or 366-day year. The Coupon Equivalent can be used to compare the yield on a discount bill to the yield on a nominal coupon bond that pays semiannual interest.
The Geographic Distribution of VA Expenditures (GDX)  is an annual report that shows estimated VA expenditures for major programmatic areas by geographic area (state, county, and congressional district). The major programmatic areas are: Compensation and Pension; Readjustment (Education) and Vocational Rehabilitation; Insurance; Construction; and, Medical and Administrative.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Blue Ridge reservoir (lake) in  GA. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Mine dataset lists all Coal and Metal/Non-Metal mines under MSHA's jurisdiction since 1/1/1970.  It includes such information as the current status of each mine (Active, Abandoned, NonProducing, etc.), the current owner and operating company, commodity codes and physical attributes of the mine.  Mine ID is the unique key for this data.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
FACA Data collected and verified for FYs 1997-2010.  Committee and Subcommittee Data collected is not separately extracted.  The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The Federal Logistics Information Service Program (FLIS) Enterprise Business System (EBS) is a web-based public inquiry tool designed to query EBS items of supply with certain Reference Number Category Codes (RNCC) and Reference Number Variation Codes (RVCC) combined.  WebFlis EBS tool queries by National Stock Number (NSN) or National Identification Number (NIIN), or Part Number (PN).
Statistical information on the number of FOIA requests received and processed by NSF in FY09, response times for FOIA requests, the number of appeals received, and other statistics on NSF's FOIA program.
The Southwest BLS Information Office in Dallas services the states of Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas.
The Chief of Naval Operations audio podcast is part of an ongoing conversation with the Chief of Naval Operations about initiatives in the Navy, personnel issues and current events.
EPA's Environmental Data Warehouse and web site that uses the Internet to provide a single point of acess to select EPA Environmental data, including access to information about environmental activities that may affect air, water, and land anywhere in the United States.
This dataset contains six elements for transit systems serving urbanized areas in the United States: Transit Unlinked Passenger Trips (UPT) (also known as "ransit boardings" or "transit ridership") Transit Vehicle Revenue Miles (VRM) Transit Vehicle Revnue Hours (VRH) TransitVehicles Operated in Maximum (Peak) Services (VOMS) Regular service days operated Meta-Data for each modal system, including urbanized area population, annual operating expenses, annual fares, and average passenger trip length
This dataset contains voter registration data for the 2010 election cycle. The dataset and corresponding report address the impact of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 on the administration of elections for Federal office. The data and corresponding report are part of the EAC's biennial Election Administration and Voting Survey project.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2012. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
The New York-New Jersey BLS Information Office in New York City services the states of New Jersey and New York, and Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance is a government-wide compendium of Federal programs, projects, services, and activities that provide assistance or benefits to the American public. It contains financial and nonfinancial assistance programs administered by departments and establishments of the Federal government. CFDA provides a full listing of all Federal programs available to State and local governments (including the District of Columbia); federally-recognized Indian tribal governments; Territories (and possessions) of the United States; domestic public, quasi- public, and private profit and nonprofit organizations and institutions; specialized groups; and individuals
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Geochemical data for unconsolidated sediments (stream sediments, lake sediments, etc.) collected by USGS personnel and analyzed by USGS. These data were part of the Rock Analysis Storage System and are now merged into the National Geochemistry Database.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
This listing contains the most recent filings for the current official filing date (including filings made after the 5:30pm deadline on the previous filing day).  Filings may be made Monday through Friday (except US Federal holidays).
The Geographic Distribution of VA Expenditures (GDX)  is an annual report that shows estimated VA expenditures for major programmatic areas by geographic area (state, county, and congressional district). The major programmatic areas are: Compensation and Pension; Readjustment (Education) and Vocational Rehabilitation; Insurance; Construction; and, Medical and Administrative.
The MyEnvironment widget displays a variety of environmental information based on a user-specified area of interest
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
Alphabetical list of subject headings which refer to specific classifications and subclassifications (classes/subclasses) of the U.S. Patent Classification System (i.e., technology categories).  Also known as, the Classification or Class Index File.  There are approximately 67,000 terms contained in this index. The format is ASCII text. Available on or before the 15th of each odd month and contains data through the end of the previous even month. Each new bimonthly file totally replaces the previous file. Approximately 1.1 MB (compressed) per bimonthly file. Available 6 times a year from https://eipweb.uspto.gov/2010/IndextoUSPatentClass/clasindx.zip  No order/order form is required. For more information about USPTO classification information:  http://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/opc/index.html
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Kentucky reservoir (lake) in  KY. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Geographic Distribution of VA Expenditures (GDX)  is an annual report that shows estimated VA expenditures for major programmatic areas by geographic area (state, county, and congressional district). The major programmatic areas are: Compensation and Pension; Readjustment (Education) and Vocational Rehabilitation; Insurance; Construction; and, Medical and Administrative.
Provides access to currently observed river conditions and current forecasts for rivers
U.S. Global Change Research Program budget authority for Agency activities in which the primary focus is on:Observations, research, and analysis of climate change and its underlying causes, managing data in support of climate research and applications, modeling and predicting climate change and its impacts at global, regional, and local scales, analyses of climate impacts, the vulnerability of ecosystems, human health, and socioeconomic activity to climate, and implications and efficacy of adaptation options, decision support tools that inform climate adaptation and mitigation.  This crosscut does not include activities that implement adaptation and mitigation strategies. Communication of information related to the aforementioned activities. Procurement, acquisition, and construction in support of activities mentioned above should also be included if the project primarily supports climate science. P.L. 101606 requires this program crosscut.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Chatuge reservoir (lake) in  NC. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Wheeler reservoir (lake) in  AL. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
U.S. and State data on acreage, yield, production, and value. Additional statistics such as per capita use, price indexes, shipments, arrivals, U.S. exports and imports by country, world production, world harvested acreage, world trade, and selected cost of production budgets are included.
Long Term Real Rate Average: The Long-Term Real Rate Average is the unweighted average of bid real yields on all outstanding TIPS with remaing maturities of more than 10 years and is intended as a proxy for long-term real rates.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Complete catalog of current data products from the USDA Economic Research Service.
Daily Treasury Bill Rates: These rates are the daily secondary market quotation on the most recently auctioned Treasury Bills for each maturity tranche (4-week, 13-week, 26-week, and 52-week) that Treasury currently issues new Bills. Market quotations are obtained at approximately 3:30 PM each business day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Bank Discount rate is the rate at which a Bill is quoted in the secondary market and is based on the par value, amount of the discount and a 360-day year. The Coupon Equivalent, also called the Bond Equivalent, or the Investment Yield, is the bill's yield based on the purchase price, discount, and a 365- or 366-day year. The Coupon Equivalent can be used to compare the yield on a discount bill to the yield on a nominal coupon bond that pays semiannual interest.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Small Business Goaling Report Dataset is an exact copy of the Federal Procurement Database System - Next Generation (FPDS-NG) minus goaling exclusions (e.g. Overseas Contracts are not eligible for small business) . The dataset is used to identify all Federal procurement actions that were eligible for small business in a given fiscal year. The dataset provides all small business set-aside contracts for the same fiscal year.
The NASA Image Exchange (NIX) is a collection of multimedia content from across NASA's missions and projects.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Ocoee No. 3 reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
This Common Core of Data survey provides basic state-level information about students and staff in public elementary and secondary education.
Demographic data on U.S. Research and Test Reactors, including: licensee data, location, capacity (MW).
The program publishes estimates of the population by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin for the nation, states, and counties. It also provides estimates of the total population for functioning governmental units.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Upper Bear Creek reservoir (lake) in  AL. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
This search retrieves filings made with the Commission from mutual funds.
Annual series that provides national and subnational data on the distribution of economic data by enterprise size and industry. SUSB covers most of the country's economic activity. The series excludes data on nonemployer businesses, private households, railroads, agricultural production, and most government entities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Pentagon Channel's "Fit for Duty" episodes that feature the Pilates method used to build strength, flexibility and agility.
A searchable database of  patents resulting from sponsored research by the Department of Energy and predecessor agencies.
A national survey conducted to measure the severity of job displacements and assess employment stability during a period of downsizing at many firms, and increased use of temporary and contract labor.  The universe for the survey is all persons who are eligible for the Current Population Survey (CPS) labor force items.  This is a proxy response survey that is sponsored by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains one record for each committee registered with the Federal Election Commission.  This includes federal political action committees and party committees, campaign committees for Presidential, House and Senate candidates, as well as groups or organizations who are spending money for or against candidates for federal office.

The file contains basic information about the committees.  The ID number the Commission assigned to the committee is first, along with the name of the committee, the sponsor, where appropriate, the treasurer's name and the committee's address.  The file also includes information about what type of committee is being described, along with the candidate's ID number if it is a campaign committee.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Fontana reservoir (lake) in  NC. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Hiwassee reservoir (lake) in  NC. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
FVAP post election survey of election administrator working in local election offices in all jurisdictions, including the District of Columbia and US territories, who are responsible for approving voter registration, assigning and sending out ballots to the voter, and accepting voted ballots.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Nickajack reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Cheoah reservoir (lake) in  nc. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
This file contains reported cases of collisions, derailments, fires, explosions, acts of God, or other events involving the operation of railroad on-track equipment and involving damages exceeding the reporting threshold for the year reported. It also contains information about reported cases of impacts between on-track equipment and any user of a public or private highway-rail intersection, and casualties of these accidents/incidents. National files from 1975 through the current year are available for download. In addition, individual files by State are available for the years 1991 through the current year.
This is a Web-based tool providing an interactive chart detailing the BBG's current organizational structure and contact information for its various bureaus and offices.
Provides the list of States that have online access to individual EBT (Electronic Benefits Transfer) account information for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), such as balance and transaction history information.
The Executive Office for U.S. Attorneys regularly releases national caseload statistical data in response to monthly requests under the Freedom of Information and Privacy Acts. To facilitate public access, the data appears below pursuant to 5 U.S.C. §552(a)(2)(D).
The Data Center allows users to retrieve and download IPEDS data using the functions listed on the main menu to the left. As you mouse over each function, the function will be described in this bubble. Find the function you wish to use and click on the function to begin. Once inside the Data Center, use the Main Menu to switch between functions without losing the information you have already selected.
Sports/Recreation Related Recalls.  CPSC is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of serious injury or death from thousands of types of consumer products.
This searchable web tool contains EPA's policy documents relating to violations or noncompliance with the environmental statutes and regulations, dating back to 1984.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Chickamauga reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Little Bear Creek reservoir (lake) in  AL. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The calculator provides information on the assumptions behind foodborne illness cost estimates and gives you a chance to make your own assumptions and calculate your own cost estimates. This interactive web-based tool allows users to estimate the cost of illness due to specific foodborne pathogens. The updated ERS cost estimate for Shiga-toxin producing E. coli O157 (STEC O157) was added to the Calculator in spring, 2008. Calculator users can now review and change the assumptions behind the ERS cost estimates for either STEC O157 or Salmonella. The assumptions that can be modified include the annual number of cases, the distribution of cases by severity, the use or costs of medical care, the amount or value of time lost from work, the costs of premature death, and the disutility costs for nonfatal cases. Users can also update the cost estimate for inflation for any year from 1997 to 2007.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The Energy Citations Database (ECD) provides access to historical and current research (1948 to the present) from the Department of Energy (DOE) and predecessor agencies.
This annual report provides a compilation of 435 downloadable tables of statistical information covering the broad field of education from prekindergarten through graduate school. Topics in the Digest include: the number of schools and colleges; teachers; enrollments; graduates; educational attainment; finances; federal funds for education; employment and income of graduates; libraries; technology; and international comparisons.  The 2010 edition of the Digest of Education Statistics is the 46th in a series of publications initiated in 1962. The Digest has been issued annually except for combined editions for the years 1977-78, 1983-84, and 1985-86. Its primary purpose is to provide a compilation of statistical information covering the broad field of American education from prekindergarten through graduate school. The Digest includes a selection of data from many sources, both government and private, and draws especially on the results of surveys and activities carried out by the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES). To qualify for inclusion in the Digest, material must be nationwide in scope and of current interest and value. The publication contains information on a variety of subjects in the field of education statistics, including the number of schools and colleges, teachers, enrollments, and graduates, in addition to data on educational attainment, finances, federal funds for education, libraries, and international comparisons. Supplemental information on population trends, attitudes on education, education characteristics of the labor force, government finances, and economic trends provides background for evaluating education data. Although the Digest contains important information on federal education funding, more detailed information on federal activities is available from federal education program offices.
Digital Television (DTV) is an advanced broadcasting technology that has transformed your television viewing experience. DTV has enabled broadcasters to offer television with better picture and sound quality. It also offers multiple programming choices, called multicasting, and interactive capabilities.   The switch from analog to digital broadcast television is referred to as the Digital TV (DTV) Transition. In 1996, the U.S. Congress authorized the distribution of an additional broadcast channel to each broadcast TV station so that they could start a digital broadcast channel while simultaneously continuing their analog broadcast channel.  Later, Congress set June 12, 2009 as the deadline for full power television stations to stop broadcasting analog signals. Since June 13, 2009, all full-power U.S. television stations have broadcast over-the-air signals in digital only.    Use this program to check for the DTV signals that are available at your location.
Google has begun crawling patent documents, including Image File Wrappers, from the USPTO's Public PAIR (Patent Application Information Retrieval) site. This crawl operates continually and will be retrieving both already-submitted documents and new documents as the USPTO makes them publicly available.  Except for repackaging into zip files, these documents are hosted by Google unchanged. A single zip file is created for each patent application. There is detailed documentation about the format as well as the overview below.  How to access PAIR data To access a particular zipfile, replace "APP_NUM" in the following URL with an application number of interest:  http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/uspto-pair/applications/APP_NUM.zip    For example: http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/uspto-pair/applications/12102391.zip                                                                                                  Over 550,000 applications are available. Additional applications will be added regularly as the crawl progresses.   Overview of zipfile contents Each zipfile contains the following:  - A README.txt file which indicates when the data was obtained. - Data files (*.tsv), in tab-delimited text format, compatible with many spreadsheet programs. Each data file represents one tab from the PAIR interface: Address and Attorney/Agent, Application Data, Continuity Data, Foreign Priority, Image File Wrapper, Patent Term Adjustments / Extension History, Transaction History.  - Data tables from the PAIR interface are organized in one of two ways:  1.Labels in the first column. (Example: "Application Data" tab.) The second column contains the corresponding value (example: "Application number" and "12/102,391"). 2.Labels in the first row. (Example: "Transaction History" tab, with labels such as "Date" and "Transaction Description".) Each subsequent row contains the corresponding values for one data item. (In the example, each row represents a single transaction.) - Some *.tsv files contain more than one table, separated by a blank line.  - The "Image File Wrapper" data file is put in a separate directory along with the additional content that it links to. An extra "Filename" column is added to the *.tsv file to indicate the appropriate file for each item. - Image files (*.pdf), in Adobe PDF format. This data is only available for patent applications which have an "Image File Wrapper" tab on the USPTO PAIR site.  Disclaimer No guarantees are made with respect to the completeness or accuracy of this data. In particular, the crawl may discover and retrieve additional documents over time, even for applications submitted long ago. Please visit the USPTO PAIR site for official, current, and complete information.  Available applications As of 2011-03-01, we have data for 557,496 patent applications, including most of the published applications in the following ranges:  08000001 - 08033366 08100000 - 08134568 08200000 - 08235165 09800000 - 09829887 09900000 - 09930278 10000001 - 10024198 10100000 - 10126373 10200000 - 10221198 10300001 - 10320839 10400000 - 10416691 10500000 - 10522314 10600001 - 10618797 10700000 - 10719621 10800001 - 10815533 10900000 - 10920020 11000001 - 11048436 11100000 - 11115288 11200000 - 11214805 11300000 - 11316288 11400000 - 11415735 11500000 - 11515038 11600000 - 11615977 11700000 - 11716134 11800000 - 11814900 11900000 - 11914299 12000001 - 12016975 12100001 - 12118438 12200000 - 12219134 12300000 - 12320004 12400000 - 12425351 12500000 - 12518850 12600000 - 12620771 29000001 - 29026192 60000003 - 60001535 90000001 - 90006696 95000001 - 95001409
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Pickwick reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Food environment factors - such as store/restaurant proximity, food prices, food and nutrition assistance programs, and community characteristics - interact to influence food choices and diet quality. The Food Environment Atlas assembles statistics on food environment indicators to stimulate research on the determinants of food choices and diet quality and provides a spatial overview of a community's ability to access healthy food and its success in doing so. The Atlas currently includes 90 indicators of the food environment in three broad categories - food choices, health and well-being, and community characteristics. Data set includes an interactive mapping tool plus bulk data download.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Cherokee reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Normandy reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Watts Bar reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This dataset contains sale data information for Agency reported items sold via GSA Auctions® Sales.  The data is for closed sales during FY2009.  GSA Auctions® offers the public the opportunity to bid electronically on a wide array of Federal assets. The auctions are completely web-enabled, allowing all registered participants to bid on a single item or multiple items (lots) within specified timeframes.  GSA Auctions® sale items include communications, computer, electric, electronic, agricultural, office, photographic, marine, laboratory, medical, dental and veterinary supplies and equipment; trailers, tractors, bicycles and salvage/scrap vehicles; furniture, household and personal items, industrial machinery, jewelry and collectibles.  GSA Auctions® is accessible at http://www.gsaauctions.gov. Unregistered users may browse the site. Registration is required for bidders.
Outdoor Product Related Recalls.  CPSC is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of serious injury or death from thousands of types of consumer products.
Biosurveillance relevant sources scored by the Department of Homeland Security's National Biosurveillance Integration Center (NBIC) in support of situational awareness development. For more information about the NBIC's mission, please see public law 110-53, Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007.  The Health & Security Real Simple Syndication (HSRSS) standard allows the National Biosurveillance Integration Center (NBIC) to provide biosurveillance information to the public in support of the Open Government initiative using an open standard that is derived from the National Information Exchange Model (NIEM), Atom / Real Simple Syndication (RSS), and GeoRSS. Information that is disseminated with this schema has been processed by NBIC in support of its mission as defined by public law 110-53. The HSRSS standard is an extension of the Atom and GeoRSS standard and compatible with RSS and GeoRSS processors that support the Atom standard.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where final critical habitat for the California Condor (Gymnogyps californianus) occurs. Critical habitat for the species consists of the following 10 units: Blue Ridge, Tulare County Rangelands, Kern County Rangelands, Tejon Ranch, Mt. Pinos, Sespe-Piru, Matilija, Sisquoc-San Rafael, and Hi-Mountain-Beartrap East and West.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Aviation Accident Statistics: Fatal Accidents, 2010 Preliminary Data for All Operations Under 14 CFR 121 and for Scheduled Operations Under 14 CFR 135
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for South Holston reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Annual data on acreage, production, trade, supply and utilization, prices, and value of production for fruit and nuts including citrus, other tree fruits, grapes and other small fruits; supply and utilization of processed fruit and fruit juices. nnn
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Cordell Hull reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Livestock and Meat Trade Data Set contains monthly and annual data for imports and exports of live cattle, hogs, sheep, and goats, as well as beef and veal, pork, lamb and mutton, chicken meat, turkey meat, and eggs. The tables report physical quantities, not dollar values or unit prices. Data on beef and veal, pork, and lamb and mutton are on a carcass-weight-equivalent basis. Breakdowns by country are included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This feed provides readers with information regarding partnering opportunities that are available within the USDA/ARS community.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Chilhowee reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The purpose of the CCD nonfiscal surveys is to provide a listing of all schools and agencies providing free public elementary and secondary education, along with basic descriptive statistical information on each school and agency listed. Penalties apply for misuse, see http://nces.ed.gov/ncesglobal/data_usage_agreement.asp for more details.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Federal Item Identification Guide (FIIG) Index is a search engine on the WWW listing all available FIIGs.  You can search by using the Index by Name Code, Index by Name or by entering the first three characters of the search item.  Selecting any FIIG will take you to the FIIG cover page. You may then choose to view the FIIG's contents or return to the index of available FIIGs
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Norris reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Wilson reservoir (lake) in  AL. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
Aviation Accident Statistics:  Accidents, Fatalities, and Rates, 1991 through 2010, for U.S. Air Carriers Operating Under 14 CFR 121, Scheduled Service (Airlines)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Santeetlah reservoir (lake) in  NC. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
An overview of U.S. trade, utilizing time series data regarding national accounts, trade partners, industry, and jobs on a national, state, and metropolitan-area level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed with news on patents from the Department of Energy sponsored research.
The HUD USPS ZIP Code Crosswalk Files relate the United States Postal Service (USPS) ZIP codes to Census Bureau geographies,  so the valuable data available only at the ZIP code level can be combined with demographic data tabulated at various Census geography levels to provide new avenues of exploration.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Douglas reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The widget provides a search box for the DOE Information Bridge, containing Department of Energy full-text technical reports in physics, chemistry, materials, biology, environmental cleanup, energy technologies and others.  Selected coverage of reports from DOE predecessor agencies (AEC, ERDA).
The Pentagon Channel's monthly half-hour program looking at a variety of topics from real world operations, missions, military events and history.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2008 by several characteristics.
The FCC Geographic Information Systems site gives you the tools to create, view, query and print customized maps showing FCC licensing data, regulated towers and market area boundaries. These maps can be extremely helpful in conducting analysis on current service and need/feasibility studies for new services.  With these data sets, you will be able to determine the locations and limited technical details of existing towers the FCC collects data on (i.e. Cellular, Paging, Microwave, AM, FM, etc...).
Provides enrollment and performance data under secondary and postsecondary career and technical education administered as part of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. Commonly known as "Perkins", these programs serve as the principal source of federal funding to states for the improvement of secondary and postsecondary career and technical education programs.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
As part of its ongoing efforts to promote air safety, the Federal Communications Commission requires owners to register certain antenna structures (generally those more than 60.96 meters (200 feet) in height or located near an airport) with the Commission. In a Report and Order released November 30, 1995 (text) , the Commission adopted rules designed to streamline the registration process and began requiring antenna structure owners (instead of licensees) to register these structures with the Commission. In a Memorandum Opinion and Order on Reconsideration (Word) (also in PDF format (pdf) ) released March 8, 2000, the Commission clarified several registration requirements.  The Antenna Structure Registration Program is the process under which each antenna structure that requires FAA notification -- including new and existing structures -- must be registered with the FCC by its owner. The owner is the single point of contact for resolving antenna-related problems and is responsible for the maintenance of those structures requiring painting and/or lighting. Note that because the Antenna Structure Registration requirements only apply to those antenna structures that may create a hazard to air navigation (either by their height or proximity to an airport), the registration files do not contain a comprehensive record of all antenna structures.
The Federal Aid to States presents data on federal government aid to state and local governments by state and U.S. Outlying Area.  In this report, grants to state and local governments represent actual expenditures of the federal government, and only grants to state and local governments are included.
Integrated and documented small-scale geospatial and geostatistical data from more than two dozen Federal organizations and the Library of Congress. The National Atlas is intended for the use of America's citizens and its data offerings are supplemented with multimedia articles and many types of maps.
A map service displaying the area encompassing all the National Forest System lands administered by a Region. The area encompasses private lands, other governmental agency lands. All National Forest System lands fall within one and only one Administrative Region Area.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Tims Ford reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Mid-Atlantic BLS Information Office in Philadelphia services the states of Pennsylvania, Delaware, District of Columbia, Maryland, Virginia, and West Virginia.
To further transparency and openness, DOE established a policy to document and post online all CX determinations involving classes of actions listed in Appendix B to Subpart D of the DOE NEPA regulations (10 CFR Part 1021).  The database contains CX determinations required to be posted under the policy, and also some for which documentation and posting are optional, i.e., determinations involving classes of actions listed in Appendix A or made before the policy's effective date of November 2, 2009.  The database may be searched by state, CX applied, date range, DOE Program, Field, or Site Office, keyword, and whether the CX determination is for a project related to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (Recovery Act or ARRA) of 2009.  Links to CX determination documents are provided.  The database will be updated approximately monthly.  See http://www.gc.doe.gov/NEPA/categorical_exclusion_determinations.htm for information on DOE CX procedures. For further information on DOE's NEPA compliance program, see http://www.gc.energy.gov/nepa or  email:  askNEPA@hq.doe.gov.
This dataset contains a listing of States, ZIP Code Tabulation Areas, and their associated Congressional Districts for the 110th and 111th Congress.
An RSS feed documenting Marine Corps orders and directives.
IOLP Website is database that lists GSA Owned and Leased properties, by state, county and city; and lease, dates, square footage and building type.
U.S. and state data on potato acreage, production, value, and use. Also includes U.S. data on prices, price spreads, and consumer and producer price indexes; stocks of fresh and processed potatoes; and trade in potatoes and potato products.
The USPTO Trademark Daily XML (Applications, Assignments, and TTAB) consists of three datasets:      n(A)  Applications, apcyymmdd.zip       n(B)  Assignments, asbyymmdd.zip       n(C)  Trademark Trial and Appeal Board (TTAB), ttyymmdd.zip       n(A) Applications:  Pending and registered trademark text data (no images) to include word mark, serial number, registration number, filing date, registration date, goods and services, classification number(s), status code(s), design search code(s), pseudo mark(s) in Calendar Year 2009 (January through December). The file format is eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Trademark Applications Version 2.0 Document Type Definition (DTD). Average daily file size is 17 MB (compressed).  n(B) Assignments: Assignment text data (no images) in Calendar Year 2009 (January through December). The file format is eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Trademark Assignments Version 0.4 Document Type Definition (DTD). Average daily file size is 46 KB (compressed). (C) Trademark Trial and Appeal Board (TTAB):  TTAB text data (no images) in Calendar Year 2009 (January through December). The file format is eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Trademark Trial and Appeal Board Version 1.0 Document Type Definition (DTD).  Average daily file size is 240 KB (compressed). Available daily (Monday-Sunday) at 02:00 AM U.S. Eastern Time for no charge. For more information about these files:  http://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/ac/ido/oeip/sgml/st32/trademark/TDXFDTDs.html
A list of hospital ratings for the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS). HCAHPS is a national, standardized survey of hospital patients about their experiences during a recent inpatient hospital stay.
This web site allows members of the public to find environmental information from the EPA and beyond for their neighborhood or community.
Aviation Accident Statistics:  Accidents, Fatalities, and Rates, 1991 through 2010, for U.S. Air Carriers Operating Under 14 CFR 121, Nonscheduled Service (Airlines)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Barkley reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Monthly report that provides national trade data including imports, exports, and balance of payments for goods and services. Statistics are also reported on a year-to-date basis. Data are continuously compiled and processed. Documents are collected as shipments arrive and depart, and are processed on a flow basis. The BEA uses the data to update U.S. balance of payments, gross domestic product, and national accounts. Other federal agencies use them for economic, financial, and trade policy analysis (such as import/export promotion studies and import/export price indexes). Private businesses and trade associations use them for domestic and overseas market analysis, and industry-, product-, and area-based business planning. Major print and electronic news media use them for general and business news reports.
The Mountain-Plains BLS Information Office in Kansas City services the states of Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Utah, and Wyoming.
The PIP is a data collection portal on the General Services Administration's (GSA) Public Buildings Service's (PBS) Prospectus Projects.  Prospectus projects are defined as those exceeding the $2.3 M threshold.  Data from these projects is rolled up to give a summary of the New Construction, Lease, and Major Repair and Alteration programs in the areas of Scope, Schedule, Budget, and Condition.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This data collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, adult or juvenile status, reason being held, and cause of death.
A daily, global Sea Surface Temperature (SST) data set is produced at 1-km (also known as ultra-high resolution) by the JPL ROMS (Regional Ocean Modeling System) group.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.

Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for California red-legged frog (Rana aurora draytonii) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
Picture of Subsidized Households describes the nearly 5 million households living in HUD-subsidized housing in the United States for the year 2008. Picture 2008 provides characteristics of assisted housing units and residents, summarized at the national, state, public housing agency (PHA), project,census tract, county, Core-Based Statistical Area and city levels.
This spreadsheet contains a list of multiemployer plans receiving financial assistance payments from the Pension Benefits Guaranty Corporation from the period 2005 through 2009
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Guntersville reservoir (lake) in  AL. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Average Conservation Reserve Program Rental Payments by County.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Bear Creek reservoir (lake) in  AL. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Primary care and specialty care visits seen and completed within 30 days or less.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Ocoee No. 1 reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
This file contains data from a quick-response survey using the Postsecondary Education Quick Information System (PEQIS). It provides national estimates on postsecondary education topics (e.g., distance education, dual-enrollment) among 2-year and 4-year Title IV eligible, degree-granting institutions.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Center Hill reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Discover outcomes of past DOE R&D which have had significant economic impact, improved people's lives, or been widely recognized as a remarkable advance in science.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
An interactive dataset containing the metadata for the Data.gov raw datasets and tools catalogs.
This widget allows users to search Science Accelerator, a gateway to science, including DOE R&D results, major R&D accomplishments, and recent research of interest to U.S. Department of Energy, via resources made available by the Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI).   This federated search tool allows users to search eleven OSTI produced scientific databases and search tools with one inquiry.  Resources searched:  DOE Information Bridge, DOE R&D Accomplishments, DOE Data Explorer, DOEpatents, DOE Green Energy, Energy Citations Database, Energy Science and Technology Software Center, Science Journals Connector, Science Conference Proceedings, E-print Network, ScienceCinema.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Reulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
The Pentagon Channel's "Fit for Duty" episodes that feature a variety of fitness-building techniques, such as Marine Corps Martial Arts and weight training.
This school based assessment provides descriptive data on the educational outcomes of U.S. fourth- and eighth-graders in mathematics and science as well as factors that may be related to achievement in these subject areas. In addition to the assessment, background data is collected from students, their teachers, and schools. TIMSS has been administered every four years since 1995. The United States is one of 57 countries that participated in the study in 2007.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Radiation Information Database (RADINFO) widget displays facilities in a user-specified area of interest that are regulated by EPA for radiation and radioactivity as reported by the Radiation Information Database (RADINFO).
Data Finder is a tool to find EPA's data sources to help people access and understand environmental information. All of the data sources are available on the Internet and have been organized by topics such as air, water, and chemicals.
Information about grants made by the National Endowment for the Humanities from FY 1970 - FY 1979.
The quarterly trade "Report" and yearly "Profile" provide an overview of U.S. trade with Sub-Saharan Africa.   The Profile is a more extensive version of the Report.   Using data essentially from the World Trade Atlas, Census, IMF, and the World Bank, the report and profile describe: Sub-Saharan Africa's global trade and economic growth, U.S. imports and exports to/from Sub-Saharan Africa, and U.S. direct investment to the region.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Payments made by the Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency to US agricultural producers participating in Farm Bill programs including commodity, price support, disaster assistance and conservation. Payments may be searched by payee, program, year, commodity, state, county, farm, payment date and amount paid.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This file contains the number of awards by type of program, level of award (certificate or degree), first or second major and by race/ethnicity and gender. Type of program is categorized according to the Classification of Instructional Programs (CIP), a detailed coding system for postsecondary instructional programs. Data covers all awards granted between July 1, 2009 and June 30, 2010. This file contains multiple records per institution. Each record is uniquely defined by the variables IPEDS ID (UNITID), classification of instructional program (CIPCODE), first or second major (MAJORNUM) and award level (AWLEVEL).  In 2009-10 institutions had the choice of using the old race/ethnicity categories or the new new race/ethnicity categories or a mix of old and new to report completions data.  Each record will contain both old and new categories and a set of derived variables that combine both old and new. The set of race/ethnicity variables that will be used in IPEDS publications during these optional reporting years will be the derived set of variables, the two or more race category from the new reporting method,  race/ethnicity unknown and Nonresident Aliens.  These variables will sum to the total awards on each record.
Annual data on U.S. and State harvested acreage, yield, production, prices, crop value, trade, and per capita use of blueberries. Also includes monthly data on shipments, imports, and exports, and world data on production and trade.
Mental health and substance abuse support services, including the state-level mental health and substance abuse agencies, protection and advocacy groups, and Medicaid and Medicare services agencies, as well as other advocacy groups.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
FY 09 Education Recipients by State. The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2009. The data does not include 34,393  individuals who used the Post-9/11 GI Bill during fiscal year 2009, nor does it include 23,181 individuals located in the Philippines and Other Foreign locations as well as those where the address data could not be specifically attributed to a specific state.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Number of admissions by bed section, admissions per 1000 uniques, and average length of stay by bed sections. Total number of outpatient visits, number of unique patients and number of outpatient endoscopies.
FCC General Menu Reports 3.1.06 February 11, 2008 allows you to search for particular FCC License information based on a flexible variety of selectors, including callsign, licensee name, frequency and transamitter location. The search can be modified by radio service and grant and expiration dates.  This application is a common query portal to all the FCC Licensing databases.
The annual data tables contained in this document provide summary statistics on the civil enforcement activities of the United States Trustee Program.  These tables summarize data for Fiscal Year 2004 through Fiscal Year 2010 (October 1, 2003 through September 30, 2010).  This report covers informal actions.  Informal actions include documented telephone calls, letters, e-mail transmissions, facsimile transmissions, and documented personal conversations by the United States Trustee to the debtor, debtor's counsel, or a third party (such as a trustee), raising a specific issue in a specific case that requires a response.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Wilbur reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
2009 home mortgage loan application register data reported by certain banks, credit unions, savings associations, and non-depository institutions pursuant to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA)
Tool to search for ENERGY STAR qualified products based on specific attributes.  Currently there is a Find A Product query for Computers, Imaging Equipment, Monitors, Televisions, Home Audio, DVD Players, Combination Units and Telephony. ENERGY STAR is a joint program of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of Energy helping us all save money and protect the environment through energy efficient products and practices.
Data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Storm Data is a monthly publication of NCDC.  Issues from Jan 1959 to the current date are available in the Environmental Document and Display System (EDADS).  Monthly issues contain a chronological listing  by states of storm occurrences and unusual weather phenomena.  Reports contain information on storm paths, deaths, injuries, and property damage.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This census is the seventh enumeration of state adult correctional institutions and the fourth of federal institutions sponsored by the Bureau of Justice Statistics and conducted by the Bureau of the Census. For each facility, information was provided on physical security, age, functions, capacity, court orders for specific conditions, one-day counts and average populations, race/ethnicity of inmates, inmate work assignments, inmate deaths, special inmate counts, assaults, and incidents caused by inmates.The census excluded some types of institutions: private facilities not primarily for state or federal inmates; military facilities; Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) facilities; Bureau of Indian Affairs facilities; those operated by or for local government, including those housing state prisoners; those operated by the United States Marshals Service; hospital wings and wards reserved for state prisoners; facilities that hold only juveniles. The institution is the unit of analysis.
Agencies are required to submit to the Director, United States Office of Government Ethics (OGE), semiannual reports of payments for travel and related expenses received from non-Federal sources in connection with the attendance of employees at outside meetings and functions. Updated August 7, 2012
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Provides access to over 11 million citations from MEDLINE and additional life science journals.  Includes links to many sites providing full text articles and other related resources.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Audio podcast highlighting topics related to military health. Dot Mil Docs is a product of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, Military Health System.
The Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates (SAIPE) program produces single-year estimates of median household income and poverty for all counties and states and poverty and population for all Title I-eligible school districts.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The creative class thesis - that towns need to attract engineers, architects, artists, and people in other creative occupations to compete in today's economy - may be particularly relevant to rural communities, which tend to lose much of their talent when young adults leave. The USDA Economic Research Service creative class codes indicate a county's share of population employed in occupations that require "thinking creatively". A separate break-out of employment in the arts is also included. Data are provided for all counties in the U.S. for 1990 and 2000.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Aviation Accident Statistics: Number and Rate of Destroyed Aircraft, 1991 through 2010, for U.S. Air Carriers Operating Under 14 CFR 121
List of Federal Executive Agency Internet domains.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The GHRC is the data management and user services arm of the Global Hydrology and Climate Center. It encompasses the data and information management, supporting product generation, archival, and distribution of research quality and operational datasets for a variety of data types, including lightning, passive microwave, radar and others.
VA's Homeless Providers Grant and Per Diem Program is offered annually (as funding permits) by the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care for Homeless Veterans (HCHV) Programs to fund community agencies providing services to homeless Veterans. The purpose is to promote the development and provision of supportive housing and/or supportive services with the goal of helping homeless Veterans achieve residential stability, increase their skill levels and/or income, and obtain greater self-determination.nnOnly programs with supportive housing (up to 24 months) or service centers (offering services such as case management, education, crisis intervention, counseling, services targeted towards specialized populations including homeless women Veterans, etc.) are eligible for these funds. The program has two levels of funding: the Grant Component and the Per Diem Component.nnGrants: Limit is 65% of the costs of construction, renovation, or acquisition of a building for use as service centers or transitional housing for homeless Veterans. Renovation of VA properties is allowed, acquiring  VA properties is not. Recipients must obtain the matching 35% share from other sources. Grants may not be used for operational costs, including salaries.nnPer Diem: Priority in awarding the Per Diem funds goes to the recipients of Grants. Non-Grant programs may apply for Per Diem under a separate announcement, when published in the Federal Register, announcing the funding for "Per Diem Only."
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset contains data regarding payments made under the recovery act by the National Service Trust.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Envirofacts Quick Start widget displays a variety of environmental information based on a user-specified area of interest
This file contains the Social Security Administration's 2009 FOIA Annual Report.  The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2009.  It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Census of Jail Inmates (CJI) supplies data on characteristics of jails such as admissions and releases, growth in the number of jail facilities, changes in their rated capacities and level of occupancy, crowding issues, growth in the population supervised in the community, and changes in methods of community supervision. It also provides information on changes in the demographics of the jail population, supervision status of persons held, and a count of non-United States citizens in custody. The CJI enumerates 2,960 locally administered confinement facilities that held inmates beyond arraignment and were staffed by municipal or county employees. In addition, the census documents 12 Federal facilities that function as jails, bringing the number of jails in operation on June 30, 2005, to a nationwide total of 2,972. The data are intended for a variety of users, including federal and state agencies, local officials in conjunction with jail administrators, researchers, planners, and the public. The 2005 Census of Jail Inmates is part of a series of data collection efforts aimed at studying the nation's locally-administered jails. To reduce respondent burden and improve data quality and timeliness, the National Jail Census was split into two parts for 2005 and 2006: the Census of Jail Inmates (2005), and the Census of Jail Facilities (2006).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
A Pentagon Channel's original video series featuring historic films from WWII, the Korean War and the Vietnam War.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) widget returns facilities in a user-specified area of interest that report to more than one EPA program system as reported by the Facility Registry System
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
NASA's Eyes on the Earth: Global Climate Change and Global Warming. Current news and data streams about global warming and climate change from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Currently Available Period of Record: April 1, 2000 through February 15, 2007.  This program has produced seven years of water quality multiprobe data at the TFCF since April 2000.
Provides a listing of the unique agency names and the number of datasets that contain the name from the geospatial metadata catalog on geo.data.gov. The list was filtered by datasets that had been updated between 1/1/10 and 3/1/11.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The NTSB aviation accident database contains information about civil aviation accidents and selected incidents within the United States, its territories and possessions, and in international waters.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
An RSS video feed documenting Marine Corps documentaries.
The Universal Licensing System allows electronic filing of applications processed by the Commission. The ULS allows you to indicate the application purpose and radio service code and guides you through the filing process until the application is submitted. The ULS also provides the ability to search for applications by providing information such as a file number, applicant name or application purpose or to search for licenses by providing information such as a call sign, licensee name or radio service. Other features of the ULS include the ability to download, in pipe delimited format, application and license data as well as the ability to use mapping software to visually display the specific location or overall geographic area of wireless licenses.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Marbled Murrelet (Brachyramphus marmoratus marmoratus) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
ENERGY STAR Labeled Buildings and Plants is a publically available EPA database of facilities that have earned the ENERGY STAR for use of prudent energy management strategies and proven technologies in managing and operating commercial and industrial facilities. ENERGY STAR is a joint program of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of Energy helping us all save money and protect the environment through energy efficient products and practices.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Current Population Survey (CPS) is the primary source of labor force statistics for the U.S. population.  It is the source of numerous high-profile economic statistics, including the national unemployment rate, and provides data on a wide range of issues relating to employment and earnings.  The CPS also collects extensive demographic data that complement and enhance our understanding of labor market conditions in the nation.  The survey is jointly sponsored by the U.S. Census Bureau and the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS).
Contains annual data on the number and production volumes of oil and natural gas wells by state
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2008 by several characteristics.
Abstract: Geospatial Wetlands Digital Data within the continental United States in Open GIS Consortium (OGC) Web Map Service format.  This data set represents the extent, approximate location and type of wetlands and deepwater habitats in the conterminous United States. These data delineate the areal extent of wetlands and surface waters as defined by Cowardin et al. (1979).      Certain wetland habitats are excluded from the National mapping program because of the limitations of aerial imagery as the primary data source used to detect wetlands. These habitats include seagrasses or submerged aquatic vegetation that are found in the intertidal and subtidal zones of estuaries and near shore coastal waters. Some deepwater reef communities (coral or tuberficid worm reefs) have also been excluded from the inventory. These habitats, because of their depth, go undetected by aerial imagery.      By policy, the Service also excludes certain types of "farmed wetlands" as may be defined by the Food Security Act or that do not coincide with the Cowardin et al. definition. Contact the Service's Regional Wetland Coordinator for additional information on what types of farmed wetlands are included on wetland maps.    Purpose: The present goal of the Service is to provide the citizens of the United States and its Trust Territories with current geospatially referenced information on the status, extent, characteristics and functions of wetlands, riparian, deepwater and related aquatic habitats in priority areas to promote the understanding and conservation of these resources.    Supplemental_Information: The wetland maps were produced as topical overlays using U.S. Geological Survey topographic maps as the base. The hard copy product is a composite map showing topographic and planimetric features from the USGS map base and wetlands and deepwater habitats from the Service's topical overlay. Thus, the data are intended for use in publications, at a scale of 1:24,000 or smaller. Due to the scale, the primary intended use is for regional and watershed data display and analysis, rather than specific project data analysis. The map products were neither designed or intended to represent legal or regulatory products.      Comments regarding the interpretation or classification of wetlands or deepwater habitats can be directed to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Division of Federal Program Activities, Branch of Habitat Assessment       These data were developed in conjunction with the publication Cowardin, L.M., V. Carter, F.C. Golet, and E.T. LaRoe. 1979. Classification of Wetlands and Deepwater Habitats of the United States. U.S. Department of the Interior, Fish and Wildlife Service, Washington, DC. FWS/OBS-79/31. Alpha-numeric map codes have been developed to correspond to the wetland and deepwater classifications described.      These spatial data are not designed to stand alone. They form topical overlays to the U.S. Geological Survey 1:24,000 or 1:25,000 scale topographic quadrangles. Note that coastline delineations were drawn to follow the extent of wetland or deepwater features as described by this project and may not match the coastline shown in other base maps.      Any use of trade, product, or firm names is for descriptive purposes only and does not imply endorsement by the U.S. Government.      Although this Federal Geographic Data Committee-compliant metadata file is intended to document the data set in nonproprietary form, as well as in Arc/INFO format, this metadata file may include some Arc/INFO-specific terminology.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This tool is intended to aid individuals interested in learning more about chemicals that are manufactured or imported into the United States. Health and safety information on these chemicals, primarily in the form of paper documents, are routinely submitted by industry (manufacturers or importers of chemicals) to EPA under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA).  EPA is in the process of converting these documents into electronic form and making non-confidential versions of these documents accessible through this tool.  The tool enables users to conduct both full text and metadata searches of these documents, and presents these as *.pdf for viewing or downloading.  The tool also queries existing EPA legacy database sources of chemical information and presents these data in a consistent format.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This Campus Security Data analysis cutting tool was designed to provide rapid customized reports for public inquiries relating to campus crime data. The data are drawn from the OPE Campus Security Statistics website database to which crime statistics are submitted annually, via a Web-based data collection, by all postsecondary institutions that receive Title IV funding (i.e., those that participate in federal student aid programs) as required by the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file provides a list of the recipients of grants and VISTA Volunteers under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
This search retrieves mutual fund prospectuses (also known as '485 filings').
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset shows the number of nonimmigrant visa issuances organized by visa category (including dependent categories) and nationality for Fiscal Years 1997-2009.
Number of prescribed fires and acres, from 1998 through 2008 (updated annually). Displayed by the five federal land managing agencies and state/local entities.  This information is supplied by the Department of Interior and the Department of Agriculture.
The Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO) widget displays the compliance records of larger facilities within a user-specified area of interest as reported by Enforcement Compliance and History Online
The survey of all 68 confinement facilities operated by tribal authorities or the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), provides data on number of inmates and facility characteristics and needs. Variables describe each facility, including rated capacity, number of adult inmates, number of juveniles held, number of inmates held by sex and conviction status on June 30, number of admissions and discharges in the last 30 days, number of inmate deaths, the peak population during June, facility crowding, and renovation and building plans.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Codes distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset is an extract of the DOD release that reflects authorized and funded Army construction in Afghanistan for FY 2010.
Text press releases from the White House
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related to environmental issues.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Dataset on new URL shortening service called 1.USA.gov. 1.USA.gov automatically creates .gov URLs whenever you use bitly to shorten a URL that ends in .gov or .mil. We created this service to make it easy for people to know when a short URL will lead to official, and trustworthy, government information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The SBIR program at NIST solicits scientific and engineering related R&D proposals for contracts from small businesses that respond to specific technical needs that are described in the annual Solicitation.
ERIN is a measure of the environmental and health risk presented by PBS facilities. It is designed to serve as a prima facie indicator of the overall environmental performance of each building. ERIN is not a comprehensive environmental compliance review, nor is it a measure of an asset's "greenness". Fourteen risk categories are addressed in the ERI. These are listed below in priority order: 

1.Hazardous Waste
2.Asbestos
3.Indoor Air Quality
4.Hazardous Materials
5.Subsurface Contamination
6.Lead
7.PCB
8.Storage Tanks
9.Air/Ozone
10.Drinking Water (PBS provided)
11.Drinking Water (Utility provided)
12.Wastewater
13.Radon
14.Stormwater
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains data on program and award level offerings, control and affiliation and special learning opportunities.  This file also contains data on applicants, admissions and test scores for institutions who do not have an open admissions policy.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related to sports and recreation issues.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Analysis of the project's expected impact on U.S. employment and U.S. balance of payments flows. Also includes impact analysis for each project receiving OPIC support in terms of net impact on the economic and social development of the project's host country. The analysis uses objective measurements to demonstrate the developmental impact of OPIC-supported projects.
The USGS Map-a-Planet web site is an online mapping tool that allows you to explore the images of the surface of a planet or satellite (moon), access information related to the area you're exploring, and order a seamless, tailor-made image map in a wide variety of image formats.   Map-a-Planet is driven by the MapMaker engine, software developed by the USGS Astrogeology Research Program to generate image maps from our image data repository. The data sets served by the site are cartographically accurate global image mosaics prepared by the USGS Astrogeology Research Program for NASA. There are numerous data sets available, covering many planets and satellites, from numerous spaced exploration missions, such as Viking, Voyager, and Clementine.   In addition to the web site tools for exploring these images, the site offers the Map-a-Planet Web Map Service, an online service for accessing image data from desktop GIS and mapping software.
An RSS feed documenting news related to Air Force Smart Operations for the 21st Century (AFSO 21), the Air Force's version of Lean Six Sigma. Lean Six Sigma is a civilian business strategy which is designed around the idea of making a product or procedure "smarter, faster and cheaper."
Aggregate retirement data of Survivor annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
A national survey conducted to obtain information about changes in America's use of tobacco products as well as to understand public attitudes about smoking. The universe for this survey are persons eligible for basic CPS.
Extraction of data regarding felonious and accidental in-the-line-of-duty deaths, as well as assaults on officers from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2005- 2009. Data available for small geographies. Census tract and block group data are available in another dataset.
The Pentagon Channel's weekly, two-minute profile of an "American Hero" who has been awarded the Bronze Star or higher decoration.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A catalog of all Materials Licensing Actions received for review.  The catalog lists the name of the entity submitting the license application, their city and state, the license number, the docket number, the NRC Region that handled the review, and the type of license application involved.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The candidate master file includes one record for each candidate who has either registered with the Federal Election Commission or appeared on a ballot list prepared by a state elections office. The file contains basic information about the candidate, including name, party, whether the candidate is an incumbent, challenger, or involved in an open seat, address, state and district in which the candidate is running and the year of the election for which the candidate is registered. (Note that incumbent/challenger status is dynamic in the current election cycle and there may be delays in identifying districts that will involve open seats.  Further, the definition of an open seat is one in which the incumbent never sought reelection. Therefore, districts where incumbents lose primaries are not classified as open seat.)  The file also includes the ID number assigned to the candidate by the FEC which is used in tracking campaign finance information about the campaign, as well as the ID number of the candidate's principal campaign committee.

The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Reulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories appearing in the "More Headlines" category.
The Large Truck* Crash Causation Study (LTCCS) is based on a three-year data collection project conducted by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) of the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT). LTCCS is the first-ever national study to attempt to determine the critical events and associated factors that contribute to serious large truck crashes allowing DOT and others to implement effective countermeasures to reduce the occurrence and severity of these crashes.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Detailed listing of Freedom of Information Act requests made by members of the public to the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Staff.
Petroleum Prices by Sales Type for end users and resale by month
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Since January of 1989, the U.S Geological Survey (USGS) Energy Resources Program Geochemistry Laboratory Data Base has grown to contain the analytical data for over 200,000 samples worldwide. The Energy Geochemistry Data Base (EGDB) contains chemical analysis data for crude oil, natural gas, coal, water, and rock samples analyzed by the USGS Energy Resources Team's Geochemistry Laboratory, or by contracted-service laboratories. Data was also obtained from the literature and unpublished public domain sources. The sample types included are primarily rock, coal, oil, and gas. This information is used by the USGS for worldwide energy resource assessments and is periodically released to the public. Analytical data within the EGDB includes Rock-Eval pyrolysis, organic mass spectrometry, vitrinite reflectance, gas chromatography, stable carbon isotopes, inductively coupled plasma, inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry, mercury analysis and a number of other related geochemistry analyses that, in some instances, predate the EGDB. Throughout the years the Energy Program scientists have utilized these data to not only develop an understanding of the physical and geochemical processes responsible for hydrocarbon formation. but also as a tool to assess the oil and gas potential for sedimentary basins in both national and international settings.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This dataset provides a breakout of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) as of January 1, 2010. The file also indicates products that are eligible for tariff preferences (under programs such as the Caribbean Basin Initiative for example), and provides trade data for the items selected. Brief item descriptions have been provided by USITC for user convenience.  The data is provided in both pipe-delimited text format and as an Excel spreadsheet.
This file contains the FY 2009 FOIA annual report of the U.S. Department of Education (ED). The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2009. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where the final critical habitat for Whooping crane (Grus americana) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Barton, Rena, Rice and Stafford counties in Kansas ; Adams, Buffalo, Dawson, Hall, Kearny and Phelps counties in Nebraska ; Alfalfa county, Oklahoma ; and Aransas, Calhoun and Refugio counties in Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Weekly speeches from the President of the United States addressed to all Americans
The Federal Housing Administration's HECM program is the only government-insured reverse mortgage program.  The HECM program guarantees that the lender will meet its payment obligations to the homeowner, limits the borrower's loan origination costs, and insures full repayment of the loan balance to the lender up to the maximum claim amount. The loan amount is based on borrower age, home value, and current interest rates.  The HECM data files provide loan-level records that will enable interested parties to explore issues regarding downpayment assistance provided to homebuyers utilizing HECM insured mortgage financing.
Ambient ozone concentrations for 2008 from the national ambient air quality monitoring networks stored in the Air Quality System (AQS).
An RSS feed documenting Air Force new stories related to expeditionary operations.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) is a national sample survey that collects information on the stock of U.S. commercial buildings, their energy-related building characteristics, and their energy consumption and expenditures. Commercial buildings include all buildings in which at least half of the floorspace is used for a purpose that is not residential, industrial, or agricultural, so they include building types that might not traditionally be considered "commercial," such as schools, correctional institutions, and buildings used for religious worship.  The CBECS was first conducted in 1979; the eighth, and most recent survey, was conducted in 2003. CBECS is currently conducted on a quadrennial basis.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related to space and technology issues.
Treasury Yield Curve Rates. These rates are commonly referred to as "Constant Maturity Treasury" rates, or CMTs. Yields are interpolated by the Treasury from the daily yield curve. This curve, which relates the yield on a security to its time to maturity is based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded Treasury securities in the over-the-counter market. These market yields are calculated from composites of quotations obtained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The yield values are read from the yield curve at fixed maturities, currently 1, 3 and 6 months and 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30 years. This method provides a yield for a 10 year maturity, for example, even if no outstanding security has exactly 10 years remaining to maturity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting Defense Department contracts valued at $5 million or more.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
A national survey conducted to produce a comprehensive set of statistics on voter and nonvoter characteristics as well as current voter trends, distinct from independent surveys, media polls, or other outside agencies.  The universe for this survey is persons 18 years of age and older in each household that was eligible for the basic Current Population Survey (CPS).  This survey is a proxy response survey and is sponsored by the United States Census Bureau.
This data product summarizes the extent of adoption of herbicide-tolerant and insect-resistant genetically engineered crops in the United States. Data cover GE varieties of corn, cotton, and soybeans over the 2000-2012 period, by State.
The Superfund Widget allows users to enter a specific location and retrieve hazardous waste sites addressed by the Superfund program within the area of interest
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
U.S. and State data on acreage, yield, production, price, and value for bell peppers and chile peppers, as well as U.S. imports/exports by country, per capita use, and fertilizer use on peppers. Additional statistics on planting/harvesting dates, world harvested area, production, producer prices, and trade are also included.
Information about grants made by the National Endowment for the Humanities from FY 1990 - FY 1999.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Pentagon Channel's monthly, half-hour survival guide for new servicemembers about gut-filling recipes, great trips, awesome deals and cool adventures.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Contains monthly data on U.S. energy consumption by end-use sector
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Melton Hill reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
An audio version of The Pentagon Channel's  5-minute "Around The Services" news program reduced in size for headline updates.
This data provides Federal drug control funding from 2002 through 2010 by drug control function.
The Mine Inspections dataset lists every mine inspection conducted by MSHA dating back to 1/1/1978. The data includes the name of the mine inspected, MSHA's internal inspection number (event number), the type of inspection and the start and end dates of the inspection. Event Number is the unique key for this dataset. It also includes the Mine ID associated with the inspections which can be used to relate it to the Mines Data Set.
A breakdown of Railroad Retirement Act Annuitants and Active Railroad Employees by Congressional District
Data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Codes distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Aggregate retirement data of annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employees and survivor annuitants. Geographic distribution by state and territory.
The Grants Information and Control System (GICS) widget returns EPA grant awards in a user-specified area of interest as reported by the Grants Information and Control System
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
Aviation Accident Statistics: Accidents, Fatalities, and Rates, 1991 through 2010, for U.S. Air Carriers Operating Under 14 CFR 135, On-Demand Operations
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2008 by several characteristics.
The Investing in Innovation (i3) Fund website depicts and allows downloading of general information on the i3 applicants received, grantees awarded and project locations. The Investing in Innovation Fund, established under section 14007 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA), provides funding to support (1) local educational agencies (LEAs), and (2) nonprofit organizations in partnership with (a) one or more LEAs or (b) a consortium of schools. The purpose of the i3 program is to provide competitive grants to applicants with a record of improving student achievement and attainment in order to expand the implementation of, and investment in, innovative practices that are demonstrated to have an impact on improving student achievement or student growth, closing achievement gaps, decreasing dropout rates, increasing high school graduation rates, or increasing college enrollment and completion rates. These grants will (1) allow eligible entities to expand and develop innovative practices that can serve as models of best practices, (2) allow eligible entities to work in partnership with the private sector and the philanthropic community, and (3) identify and document best practices that can be shared and taken to scale based on demonstrated success.
Special feature video pieces from the White House
Information about grants made by the National Endowment for the Humanities from FY 1980 - FY 1989.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Interactive Data and Mapping Tool provides users a way to access all post-2005 SAHIE data; in multiple formats; in a sleek, organized, and innovative way.   Currently, data can be downloaded as a Pdf, CSV or screenshot.
Aviation Accident Statistics: Accidents, Fatalities, and Rates, 1991 through 2010, for U.S. Air Carriers Operating Under 14 CFR 135, Scheduled Service
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related humanitarian issues.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This dataset contains a list of products that carry the Design for the Environment (DfE) label. This mark enables consumers to quickly identify and choose products that can help protect the environment and are safer for families.  When you see the DfE logo on a product it means that the DfE scientific review team has screened each ingredient for potential human health and environmental effects and that-based on currently available information, EPA predictive models, and expert judgment-the product contains only those ingredients that pose the least concern among chemicals in their class.  Product manufacturers who become DfE partners, and earn the right to display the DfE logo on recognized products, have invested heavily in research, development and reformulation to ensure that their ingredients and finished product line up on the green end of the health and environmental spectrum while maintaining or improving product performance.  EPA's Design for the Environment Program (DfE) has allowed use of their logo on over 2500 products. These products are formulated from the safest possible ingredients and have reduced the use of "chemicals of concern" by hundreds of millions of pounds.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains data from filed FCC Forms: 301, 301-CA, 302-CA, 302-DTV, 302-FM, 302-TV, 303-S 314, 315, 316, 317, 318, 319, 323, 323-E, 337, 340, 345, 346, 347, 349, 350, 381, 382, 383, 384, 385, 386, 387, 388 396, 396-A, 396-C.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories appearing in the "More AF Headlines" category.
Summary ("count") data submitted to the Safety & Security Module of the NTD. Reflects counts of incidents, fatalities, injuries, fires, collisions, etc.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Great Falls reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The National Survey of Prosecutors is a survey of chief prosecutors in state court systems. It was previously conducted in 1990, 1992, 1994, and 1996 (ICPSR 9579, 6273, 6785, 2433 respectively). For 2001, instead of a survey of chief prosecutors, a census of all 2,341 chief prosecutors who handled felony cases in state courts of general jurisdiction was conducted. A chief prosecutor is an official, usually locally elected and typically with the title of district attorney or county attorney, who is in charge of a prosecutorial district made up of one or more counties, and who conducts or supervises the prosecution of felony cases in a state court system. Prosecutors in courts of limited jurisdiction, such as municipal prosecutors, were not included in the survey. The census' purpose was to obtain detailed descriptive information on prosecutors' offices, as well as information on their policies and practices. Variables cover staffing, funding, special categories of felony prosecutions, caseload, juvenile matters, work-related threats or assaults, the use of DNA evidence, and community-related activities, such as involvement in neighborhood associations.   The unit of analysis is the district office.
A daily audio podcast featuring top news headlines from the American Forces Press Service.
A weekly audio podcast that discusses the importance of science and technology to military operations and the Department of Defense. Each week, scientists, administrators, and operators discuss cutting-edge scientific research and development sponsored by defense offices. Armed with Science is a product of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, Defense Media Activity, Emerging Media Directorate.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This data set shows the number of veterans and survivors who are receiving either disability compensation or pension benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related to mission and training issues.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
TRI Explorer provides powerful, flexible, user-friendly access to  Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) data to help communities identify facilities and chemical disposal or other release patterns that may warrant further study and analysis. Combined with hazard and exposure information, the TRI Explorer can be a valuable tool for risk identification. The TRI is a centerpiece of the community right-to-know approach for environmental information mandated by the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act (EPCRA) of 1986.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting top Air Force news stories.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains information on each ferry vessel, route segments, passenger/vehicle boardings, peak periods, modal connectivity, terminal information
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) widget reports facilities with hazardous waste activities for a user-specified area of interest as reported under Resource Conservation and Recovery Act requirements
OV-5 ICOMS release 6.0 describes the relationships between the DoD business activities, including inputs, outputs, controls and mechanisms.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Aggregate retirement data of annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employees and survivor annuitants. Geographic distribution by state and territory.
Merit Systems Protection Board data on initial appeals received, decided, and pending by month for the MSPB Regional and Field Offices.  Data is broken down by type of case.
This website provides public access to state-level data about school-aged children with disabilities (ages 3-21), served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part B; technical assistance (TA) materials to support the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about special education and related services; and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
An RSS video feed documenting Marine Corps news and events on the east coast provided by Globe TV.
This dataset is a national census of public library systems.  Its data elements cover library service measures such as the number of uses of electronic resources, the number of Internet terminals available to the general public, reference transactions, interlibrary loans, circulation, library visits, children's program attendance, and circulation of children's materials. It also includes information on collection sizes, staffing, operating revenue and expenditures.  Selected data elements are aggregated and summarized at the state level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This search retrieves information on Variable Insurance products that have been filed with the SEC and reside on www.sec.gov.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) played a critical role in breaking the back of the financial crisis and laying a foundation for future growth. It included a comprehensive set of measures to recapitalize the financial system, restart the credit markets, restore confidence, and lower borrowing costs for businesses and families.  This dataset shows Trouble Asset Relief Program (TARP) investment transactions.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The latest Military Health System and TRICARE  media releases, ASD messages, and Remember Them Always entries.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Total tonnage and tonnage by traffic type (in short tons of 2000 pounds) of commodites carried on commercial waterways, where the origin and destination of the cargo movement was a location in the contigous 48 states, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, the U. S
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related to personal issues.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate weather news.  These RSS feeds are updated daily, and occasionally hourly.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Ocoee No. 2 reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Schedule Sales Query presents sales volume figures as reported to GSA by contractors. The reports are generated as quarterly reports for the current year and the past five fiscal years. The sales data reported here are updated as contractors' reports are received, but the data may not be up to date as adjustments can be received at any time. The information on this site mirrors the data used by GSA for contract administration and fee management. It is not the official source of sales data. This data should be used for informational purposes only.
An RSS feed documenting audio clips from Air Force Radio News.
An RSS feed with news of Department of Energy R&D accomplishments that have had significant economic impact, have improved people's lives, or have been widely recognized as remarkable advances in science.
RSS feed of breaking news and top stories from around the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
RSS feed of video features of interest to U.S. Navy personnel.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
A breakdown of Active Employees and Railroad Retirement Act Beneficiaries by State
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The files provide counts of frequently-occurring surnames in the Census 2000 returns.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARIZONA, as of October 2012.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting Marine Corps upcoming events.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
ECCO was established in 1998 as part of the World Ocean Circulation Experiment (WOCE) with the goal of combining a general circulation model (GCM) with diverse observations in order to produce a quantitative depiction of the time-evolving global ocean state.
PlanetQuest -- Planet Counter: Keep track of the latest planet discoveries on your desktop.
The survey of all 68 confinement facilities operated by tribal authorities or the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), provides data on number of inmates and facility characteristics and needs. Variables describe each facility, including rated capacity, number of adult inmates, number of juveniles held, number of inmates held by sex and conviction status on June 30, number of admissions and discharges in the last 30 days, number of inmate deaths, the peak population during June, facility crowding, and renovation and building plans.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
A national survey conducted to obtain information on service-connected disability, compensation for the disability, the effect of the disability on the person's labor force status, and participation in veterans' programs.  The universe for this survey are household members age 17 or older who are veterans of the Armed Forces.  It is a self-response supplement sponsored by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) and Veterans Affairs (VA).
A list of hospital and their quality measure ratings of recommended treatments for patients with pneumonia.
This dataset shows improper payment experience for the Social Security Retirement, Survivors, and Disability  Insurance program paid to workers, their dependents, and survivors in fiscal year (FY) 2007 through FY 2010
An RSS feed documenting Air Force feature news stories.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This dataset is a county level summary of housing problems of low income households. Low income households ("LI households") are those making less than 50% of the area median income. The various housing problems are: lacking complete kitchen or plumbing facilities (substandard), having more than 1 person per room (overcrowded), and paying more than 30% of gross income towards housing costs (cost burdened). We assume that lacking complete kitchen or plumbing facilities is the most severe housing problem, followed by overcrowding, followed by cost burden. If a household has more than one of these problems they are counted with the most severe problem.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The United States Army podcast for Soldiers Radio and Television's Soldier's Radio News broadcast.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2008 by several characteristics.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Much of the weather and climate data recorded by the founding fathers of this country (Washington, Jefferson and Franklin to name a few) were archived in original manuscripts then microfilmed and stored at the National Archive and Records Administration (NARA). Those records available from NARA on microfilm have been imaged and placed on the Environmental Document  Access and Display System (EDADS) system. To date, there are more than 52 million of those images on-line. These colonial diaries are a treasure trove to the climatologist seeking data on climate of the 19th century.  They  may contain pressure, temperature, winds, humidity, and precipitation data and/or anecdotal data.
Total staff population for public schools for each state or jurisdiction, including Department of Defense dependents schools, Bureau of Indian Education, and other jurisdictions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Current U.S. classification information for all patent applications (non-provisional utility and plant) published by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office from March 15, 2001 to Present. Approximately 450 main divisions of technology, called classifications/classes, broken into approximately 150,000 subdivisions, called subclassifications/subclasses. Provided in published patent application number sequence with the current U.S. original classification/subclassification and any cross-reference classification/subclassifications. The format is ASCII text. Available on or before the 15th of each odd month and contains data through the end of the previous even month. Each new bimonthly file totally replaces the previous file. Approximately 23 MB (compressed) per bimonthly file.  Available 6 times a year from https://eipweb.uspto.gov/2010/MasterClassPatentAppl/mcfappl.zip  No order/order form is required. For more information about USPTO classification information:  http://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/opc/index.html
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Interest Expense on the Debt Outstanding includes the monthly interest for:  •tU.S. Treasury notes and bonds  •tForeign and domestic series certificates of indebtedness, notes and bonds  •tSavings bonds  •tGovernment Account Series (GAS)  •tState and Local Government series (SLGs) and other special purpose securities.   Amortized discount or premium on bills, notes and bonds is also included in the monthly interest expense.
Federal aviation data is submitted quarterly to the Federal Aviation Interactive Reporting System (FAIRS) IT application. This is a GSA system which is a secure, web-based application. The report summarizes the annual aviation cost and utilization information submitted by the thirteen agencies that own or operate aircraft as part of their mission.
The Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act (PACA) was enacted at the request of the fruit and vegetable industry to promote fair trade in the industry. The PACA protects businesses dealing in fresh and frozen fruits and vegetables by establishing and enforcing a code of fair business practices and by helping companies resolve business disputes.   The PACA Branch is responsible for administering the PACA and offers many services to the industry. PACA Branch experts receive hundreds of telephone calls each week from companies requesting assistance on problems unique to the industry such as interpretation of inspection certificates, advice on contract disputes, and bankruptcy payments.  the PACA Search Engine is an online tool that allows the public to determine if a business is licensed under the PACA, users can also see companies trade name(s), branch location(s), principal(s), and other related license information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
RSS feed of headline news from around the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This data set represents a cross cut of 13 Federal agencies R&D budget in the area of networking and information technology for FY09 and FY10 brokendown by Program Componet Areas.
Ambient Lead (Pb) concentrations from the national ambient air quality monitoring networks stored in the Air Quality System (AQS).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Calderwood reservoir (lake) in  NC. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Product Service Codes (PSC) and North American Industrial Classification Systems (NAICS) are the two methods that the Federal government classifies contracts.  They are used as a mechanism to identify scope of the products and services and business segment covered under the award.  This data can be used as a mechanism to understand the scope of GSA programs.  This can be used as means to identify best fit.  While a GSA contract can offer great opportunities for many businesses, the process of applying for that contract will take a significant amount of time and resources. Understanding best GSA contract for your products and services is a preliminary step to take prior to responding to a GSA solicitation.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Defense Technical Information Center (DTIC) maintains a Corporate Source Authority System (CSAS) which lists all organizations that have contributed information to any of DTIC's three major databases. The DTIC Corporate Source database is a collection of Corporate Authors.  Corporate Authors are the organizations and agencies responsible for reports received by DTIC.  Each record displays the standardized form of the organization's name, the organization's parent and suborganizations, and the organization's Source Code.  A Source Code is a unique numeric designation assigned by DTIC to each organization in the database. The purpose of the database is to find the Source Code for an organization.  The Source Code can then be searched in the Technical Reports, Research Summaries, or IR&D databases to find all the reports from an organization, despite variations in its name.  Searching by Source Code Hierarchy enables you to find all reports from an organization plus reports from its suborganizations and reports submitted under previous names.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2009.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
List of imperiled freshwater and diadromous fishes of North America as determined by the 2008 American Fisheries Society (AFS) Endangered Species Committee (ESC) on Fishes. At this website, one can view lists of imperiled fishes by freshwater ecoregion, b
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 1997.  The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related to Air Force heritage.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This file contains EXIM Bank's FOIA data for 10/01/2008-09/30/2009.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related to warrior care.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Boone reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news, including release of reports, data and surveys from the Institute of Education Sciences (IES), U.S. Department of Education (ED).
The Planetary Data System (PDS) is an archive of data products from NASA planetary missions, which is sponsored by NASA's Science Mission Directorate. We actively manage the archive to maximize its usefulness, and it has become a basic resource for scientists around the world.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The program provides estimates of the number of housing units for states and counties.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting Marine Corps news from Iwakuni, Japan.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Video press releases from the White House
This search retrieves annual reports of proxy voting records (also known as N-PX filings) for mutual funds and other registered investment management companies.
Registration information on interstate, intrastate non-hazmat, and intrastate truck and bus companies that operate in the United States and have registered with FMCSA. Contains contact information and demographic information (number of drivers, vehicles, commodities carried, etc).
An RSS video feed documenting the 5-minute version of the Pentagon Channel's "Around The Services" program reduced in size for headline updates.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Cheatham reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Reulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2009.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Permit Compliance System (PCS) widget allows users to enter a specific geography and retrieve companies that have been issued permits to discharge waste water into rivers in the area of interest as reported by the Permit Compliance System.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Sacramento Orcutt grass is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Telecommunications Gateway provides current and recent METAR or aviation routine weather reports around the world.
An RSS video feed documenting a 30-minute, quarterly newscast featuring stories about National Guard Soldiers, Airmen and Civilians answering our nation's call to duty.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2009 U.S. Air Force Academy Graduation Ceremony in Colorado Springs, CO.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Information Collection Request (ICR) widget allows users to find water microbial and disinfection byproduct data for each state as reported by the Information Collection Rule
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The survey of all 68 confinement facilities operated by tribal authorities or the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), provides data on number of inmates and facility characteristics and needs. Variables describe each facility, including rated capacity, number of adult inmates, number of juveniles held, number of inmates held by sex and conviction status on June 30, number of admissions and discharges in the last 30 days, number of inmate deaths, the peak population during June, facility crowding, and renovation and building plans.
The Pentagon Channel and Department of Veterans Affairs present a monthly video program for veterans, their families and their communities about the services and benefits they've earned through their service.
An RSS feed providing one-stop access to U.S. Government H1N1, avian and pandemic flu information.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting commentaries by Air Force personnel on a variety of topics.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This survey, the seventh in the Bureau of Justice Statistics Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) program, presents information on general purpose state and local law enforcement agencies, including state police, county police, municipal police, and sheriff's offices. Variables include size of the population served; type, number, and demographic characteristics of employees; operating budget; agency functions; type of equipment used; use of computer and information systems; salary ranges for officers; policies and programs; and other matters related to management, operations, and personnel.  As of 2000, special police agencies such as transit, airport, or campus police are no longer included in this file.
Annual data set of draft rules reviewed by OMB under Executive Orders 12291 and 12866.  The data provide information by agency, length of review in days, and economic significance.  This data set provides annual data going back to 1981.
The Annual Survey of State and Local Government Finances provides statistics on revenue, expenditure, debt, and assets (cash and security holdings) for governments. There are statistics for the 50 states and the District of Columbia, as well as a national summary.  Statistics are also available by level of government -- state, local, and state plus local aggregates.
Video podcast featuring headlines and stories from around the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.
Ambient PM2.5 (particulate matter less than 2.5 microns) concentrations from the national ambient air quality monitoring networks stored in the Air Quality System (AQS).
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This widget presents the latest OSTIblog postings.  OSTIblog contains conversation and discussion about innovative technologies, ground-breaking search tools that accelerate scientific discovery and other issues relevant to the Department of Energy Office of Scientific and Technical Information.
To further transparency and openness, DOE established a policy to document and post online all CX determinations involving classes of actions listed in Appendix B to Subpart D of the DOE NEPA regulations (10 CFR Part 1021).  This raw data set contains CX determinations required to be posted under the policy, and also some for which documentation and posting are optional, i.e., determinations involving classes of actions listed in Appendix A or made before the policy's effective date of November 2, 2009.  The data set includes information by state, CX applied, date range, DOE Program, Field, or Site Office, keyword, and whether the CX determination is for a project related to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (Recovery Act or ARRA) of 2009.  The web address to the CX determination documents are provided.  This data set will be updated approximately monthly.  See www.gc.doe.gov/NEPA/categorical_exclusion_determinations.htm for information on DOE CX procedures. For further information on DOE's NEPA compliance program, see www.gc.energy.gov/nepa or  email:  askNEPA@hq.doe.gov.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2008 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This data collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, adult or juvenile status, reason being held, and cause of death.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains the bibliographic text (i.e., front page) of each patent application (non-provisional utility and plant) published weekly (Thursdays) in Calendar Year 2001 (March 15 through December) (excludes images/drawings). The file format is eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Application Version 1.5 Document Type Definition (DTD). This file is a subset of the Patent Application Data/XML Version 1.5 (Text Only). These product files (40 zip files totaling 34,852,604 bytes - compressed) are available at no charge from: https://eipweb.uspto.gov/2001/PatentApplBibXML  No order/order form is required. This product includes a pabyyyymmdd_wknn.zip file for each week [where "yyyymmdd" is a Thursday publication date and "nn" is a two-digit, fixed-length number (with leading zero) representing the sequentially-numbered week of the year]. Within each weekly zip file are (3) files:  pabyyyymmdd.xml (Bibliographic information in XML); pabyyyymmddlst.txt (List of published patent application numbers in ascending order); and pabyyyymmddrpt.txt (Statistical/summary report). For more information about these files:  http://www.uspto.gov/web/menu/patdata.html
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
An RSS feed documenting top Marine Corps news stories of the day.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting weekly interviews with and statements from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on issues concerning servicemembers.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
News, briefings, and interviews from top government officials about the African Command (AFRICOM).
An audio version of Pentagon Channel briefings from the DoD briefing studio on a wide range of topics, as well as briefings from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Adjusted mortality rate for three defined populations: Pneumonia, Congestive Heart Failure, and Acute Myocardial Infarction. 30d unadjusted readmission rates: all cause and Congestive Heart Failure. Surgical morbidity and mortality.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
An XML file containing FY 2001 - FY 2011 National Science Foundation (NSF) funding rates for competitive research proposals by organizational unit.  The funding rate is calculated by dividing the number of awards by the number of awards and declines.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Aggregation of the US Army Affirmative Claims Recoveries for selected Fiscal Years.  These amounts, in US dollars, is money recovered from 3rd parties and returned to Army and other services Military Treatment Facilities (MTF's) or to TRICARE.
The School Breakfast Program (SBP) provides cash assistance to States to operate nonprofit breakfast programs in schools and residential childcare institutions.   Data here consists of participation, breakfast meals served, and cash provided to states, all by year, month and current. (format: html, xls)
Contains monthly data on combined imports of crude oil and petroleum products into the U.S. by country of origin back to 1973.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The datasets are the full-year allocations for HUD's Office of Community Planning and Development (CPD) formula programs: Community Development Block Grants (CDBG); HOME Investment Partnerships (HOME), including the American Dream Downpayment Initiative (ADDI); Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS (HOPWA); and Emergency Shelter Grants (ESG).  HUD's CPD office seeks to develop viable communities by promoting integrated approaches that provide decent housing, a suitable living environment, and expand economic opportunities for low and moderate income persons. The primary means towards this end is the development of partnerships among all levels of government and the private sector, including for-profit and non-profit organizations.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) widget allows users to identify facilities in a user-specified area of interest that have toxic releases as reported by the Toxics Release Inventory
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A statistical table  reporting the number of beneficiaries entitled to receive benefits under Title 2 of the Social Security Act (OASDI) state, age group and gender.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Environmental Radiation Data (ERD) is an electronic and print journal compiled and distributed quarterly by the Office of Radiation and Indoor Air's National Air and Radiation Environmental Laboratory (NAREL) in Montgomery, Alabama. It contains data from RadNet (previously known as ERAMS.)
NOAA's Cooperative Weather Observer Network is the nation's largest weather network. It was established under the Organic Act of 1890 to formalize the collection of meteorological observations and establish/record climate conditions in the United States, primarily for agricultural purposes.  Today, more than 11,000 Cooperative Weather Observers across the United States collect daily hydrometeorological data, including temperature, precipitation, snowfall, snow depth,  river gauge, and weather.
View tables and charts with key data and download tables on basic Vocational Rehabilitation (VR) programs for each state agency.  While several programs exist to assist individuals with disabilities to become employed, the primary one overseen by the Department of Education is the vocational rehabilitation (VR) program. Under Title I of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (Act), states receive federal grants to operate a comprehensive VR program. These funds are awarded to designated state VR agencies within each state. This state-operated program is designed to assess, plan, develop and provide VR services to eligible individuals with disabilities, consistent with their strengths, resources, priorities, concerns, abilities, capabilities, interests and informed choice. By providing services in this way, the VR program enables individuals with disabilities to prepare for and engage in employment.
United States Army Medical Command news and information.
An RSS feed documenting supporting audio clips from Air Force Radio.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
Federal agencies with legal authority granted by Congress through legislation may borrow funds from Treasury to operate credit programs to loan or guarantee loans for nonfederal borrowers, such as small businesses, students, veterans, and farmers.   Public Debt reports the detail records of the loan transactions between Treasury and other federal agencies and accounts for and reports Treasury loans receivable and the related interest receivable.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
An RSS video feed documenting briefings, press conferences, and speeaches of the Secretary of Defense.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The United States Army podcast for Soldiers Radio and Television's The Army Today.
This site contains a widget accessing a variety of scientific and technical information sources from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI).  The widget allows you to search Science.gov, WorldWideScience.org, ScienceAccelerator, and DOE Information Bridge.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This spreadsheet contains a list of all single-employer defined benefit pension plans trusteed by the PBGC since its creation in 1974. This data set will be updated quarterly.
TRI.NET ("T-R-I-dot-net") is a new application developed by EPA to help you analyze Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) information. This application is capable of easily and quickly performing complex queries to help you understand TRI information. It is especially useful for analysts who need a highly interactive environment in order to refine their queries and analyses in an efficient and productive way. TRI.NET makes heavy use of mashups using the latest mapping technologies to help visualize where TRI releases are occurring.
The Pentagon Channel's daily newscast with the latest news from Iraq and Afghanistan.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS video feed documenting news about the U.S. Coast Guard and commentary.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election cycle. The  corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of EAC's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
A video version of The Pentagon Channel's  5-minute "Around The Services" news program reduced in size for headline updates.
Ambient ozone concentrations for 2007 from the national ambient air quality monitoring networks stored in the Air Quality System (AQS).
An RSS feed documenting audio extras from Air Force Radio.
An audio version of the Pentagon Channel's weekly, in-depth exploration of a selected news topic coming out of the Pentagon.
The survey of all 68 confinement facilities operated by tribal authorities or the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), provides data on number of inmates and facility characteristics and needs. Variables describe each facility, including rated capacity, number of adult inmates, number of juveniles held, number of inmates held by sex and conviction status on June 30, number of admissions and discharges in the last 30 days, number of inmate deaths, the peak population during June, facility crowding, and renovation and building plans.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Merit Systems Protection Board data on petitions for review received, decided, and pending by month for MSPB headquarters.  Data is broken down by type of case.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Watauga reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 1996 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
A breakdown of Railroad employees by State and County
USASearch's Product Recall Data API returns data on product safety and recalls from three federal government agencies: (1) food safety data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; (2) car safety data from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; and (3) product safety data from the Consumer Product Safety Commission. The feeds are processed every 30 minutes, when possible.
The national average for the Use of Medical Imaging Measures. These measures give you information about hospitals' use of medical imaging tests for outpatients. Medical Imaging are Tests that create images of various parts of the body to screen for or diagnose medical conditions. Examples of medical imaging include CT Scans, MRIs, and mammograms.
An RSS video feed documenting Marines serving on the frontlines.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The United States Army podcast for Soldiers Radio and Television's The Army Now.
Annual data on U.S. and State harvested acreage, yield, production, prices, crop value, trade, and per capita use of strawberries. Also includes monthly data on shipments, imports and exports, and world data on production and trade.
Housing Choice Voucher (HCV) Program Management Programmatic Report for April to June 2010. This is inofrmation collected from Housing Authorities across the nation on the use of HUD vouchers.
Calculations of life expectancies of Railroad Retirement beneficiaries
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2010
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
United States Army Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff of the Army / G-4 Logistics news and information.
This digest of key S&E indicators draws from the National Science Board's Science and Engineering Indicators report. The digest serves to draw attention to important trends and data points from across Indicators and to introduce readers to the data resources available in the report.
An RSS feed documenting Marine Corps headline stories of the day.
An RSS video feed documenting Pentagon Channel reports related to the weekly "Armed with Science" audio webcast.
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2008 by several characteristics.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news, including release of reports from the National Center for Education Evaluation and Regional Assistance (NCEE), Institute of Education Sciences (IES), U.S. Department of Education (ED).
Videos on a  variety of topics from real world operations, missions, military events and history.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS feed documenting biographies of Air Force personnel.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This frequently updated link provides a single point of access to the DLA Director's webpage.  The Director's webpage provides guidance and messages on a variety of topics concerning DLA, customers, vendors, and employees.
The PISA International Data Explorer (IDE) allows users to export data and create tables, charts, and maps using data from international assessments. The IDE contains data from the 2006 administration of PISA, an international assessment of 15-year-olds in reading, mathematics, and science literacy in Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) member countries. The IDE contains average scores and context questionnaire data for the United States and participating countries.  International data including U.S. data released by OECD in December 2007. Data files with U.S. only variables were made available in April 2009. The PISA Data Explorer with 2006 data went live in 2010 and was updated on December 7, 2010 with 2009 data.   See also raw dataset at http://www.data.gov/raw/4133
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This is the annual Solicitation for the SBIR program at NIST.  It solicits scientific and engineering related R&D proposals for contracts from small businesses that respond to specific technical needs described in this annual Solicitation.
An xml raw data file of observed and predicted operating levels for Tellico reservoir (lake) in  TN. Levels are expressed in feet above sea level.
United States Army Installation Management Command news and information.
An RSS video feed documenting Marine news and events on the west coast provided by Globe TV.
An RSS feed docuemnting the day's top news stories from throughout the DoD on crashes, investigation, and cleanup around the world.
Daily emissions from entities regulated under Acid Rain and other "cap and trade" programs ... power plants and other facilities
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2000. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2008 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The data available for the H-2A Temporary Agricultural Labor Certification Program is for applications that have been received and entered into the Department of Labor tracking system.
RSS Feed of Accidents under investigation by the NTSB
Since 1916, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has been publishing income and tax statistics based on information reported on Federal tax returns filed by U.S. individual taxpayers. These publicly available, annual Statistics of Income (SOI) reports were created shortly after enactment of the modern income tax in 1913
The Ocean Surface Current Simulator (OSCURS) numerical model is a research tool that allows oceanographers and fisheries scientists to perform retrospective analyses of daily ocean surface currents anywhere in an ocean-wide grid of 90 km cells that stretches from Baja California to China and from 10 degrees north of the equator to the Bering Strait.  This model is used to measure the movement of surface currents over time, as well as the movement of what is in or on the water.  Ocean surface currents affect organisms suspended in the water column - such as fish eggs, small larvae, and plankton - and may affect their survival by determining their location after a few months of drift.  Even swimming or migrating fish or mammals may have their destinations significantly offset by currents or the annual variability of currents.  OSCURS has gained visibility as an accidental debris tracker to analyze accidental but fortuitous at-sea events beyond the scale of normal oceanographic science.  Investigations of events such as spills of cargo containers loaded with plastic bathtub toys have been used to fine-tune the OSCURS model.
An RSS video feed documenting top news stories featuring Defense Department officials and the services.
An RSS  feed documenting variety of videos on various topics and operations around the world.
United States Army Network Enterprise Technology Command news and information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
News, highlights, and video surrounding the Pentagon Memorial.
Schedule Sales Query presents sales volume figures as reported to GSA by contractors. The reports are generated as quarterly reports for the current year and the past five fiscal years. The sales data reported here are updated as contractors' reports are received, but the data may not be up to date as adjustments can be received at any time. The information on this site mirrors the data used by GSA for contract administration and fee management. It is not the official source of sales data. This data should be used for informational purposes only.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 2005
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This dataset represents time taken to hire a GSA employee.
A video version of the Pentagon Channel's weekly, in-depth exploration of a selected news topic coming out of the Pentagon.
This data collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, adult or juvenile status, reason being held, and cause of death.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
This report presents the most recent data available on school crime and student safety. The indicators in this report are based on information drawn from a variety of data sources, including national surveys of students, teachers, and principals.  This report is the thirteenth in a series of annual publications produced jointly by the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences (IES), in the U.S. Department of Education, and the Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS) in the U.S. Department of Justice.
Pentagon Channel program featuring military journalists that take viewers backstage with today's top entertainers for conversations with a uniquely military perspective.
The National Weather Service (NWS)  uses RSS feeds to disseminate severe weather advisories.  These RSS feeds are regularly updated and include the following advisories:  flood ; hazardous  seas; winter weather and  storm ; high wind ; small craft;  hurricane;  tornado;  fog ; red flag ; freeze and frost ; special weather statements, etc.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2008. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
FY 10 Education Recipients by State. The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2010. State statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one state, therefore the total within this table may be different than the  total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
This data product provides a size measure (the acre-weighted median for cropland and for farmland) that reflects the increasing concentration of production on large farms. The acre-weighted median, here provided at the county level, is calculated by ordering farms from smallest to largest and picking the farm size at the middle acre (the standard median focuses on the middle farm). Half of all land is on farms smaller than the acre-weighted median, and half of land is on bigger farms.
Podcast of short video segments (up to 30 seconds) of messages from the Chief of Naval Operations and items of interest to the U.S. Navy community.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Federal Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Production Statistics by month and summarized annually. Outer Continental Shelf consists of Gulf of Mexico, Pacific and Alaska regions
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
An RSS feed documenting the weekly discussion between senior military & civilian leaders and bloggers about operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere.
A national survey conducted to obtain information on type and frequency of adult participation in the arts; training and exposure (particularly while young), and their musical and artistic activity preferences.  The universe for this survey is each household member age 18 or older.  The survey is a self and proxy response supplement that is sponsored by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA).
This dataset contains a nationwide inventory of all congressional districts and the counties or pieces of counties associated with each congressional district for the 110th and 111th Congress.
Pentagon Channel program featuring financial advisor, Dave Ramsey, who discusses the steps viewers can take to become debt free and better manage their money.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
FACA Committee Members Data collected and verified for FY 1999. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
This report is an excel spreadsheet that reflects the Program's outreach since FY 2006.  Each outreach event is briefly described; the staff and number of hours are detailed as well.
National Science Foundation XML file containing NSF budget history by account from FY 1951.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Investing in Innovation (i3) Fund website depicts and allows downloading of general information on the i3 applicants received, grantees awarded and project locations.  The Investing in Innovation Fund, established under section 14007 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA), provides funding to support (1) local educational agencies (LEAs), and (2) nonprofit organizations in partnership with (a) one or more LEAs or (b) a consortium of schools.  The purpose of the i3 program is to provide competitive grants to applicants with a record of improving student achievement and attainment in order to expand the implementation of, and investment in, innovative practices that are demonstrated to have an impact on improving student achievement or student growth, closing achievement gaps, decreasing dropout rates, increasing high school graduation rates, or increasing college enrollment and completion rates.   These grants will (1) allow eligible entities to expand and develop innovative practices that can serve as models of best practices, (2) allow eligible entities to work in partnership with the private sector and the philanthropic community, and (3) identify and document best practices that can be shared and taken to scale based on demonstrated success.
A variety of exclusive interviews with senior Defense Department leaders.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The OECD Family database is an on-line database on family outcomes and family policies with indicators for all OECD countries. Coverage also includes EU Member States that are not OECD members. To date the database brings together 58 indicators on family structure, labour market participation, public policies and child outcomes. When possible, indicators are updated on a regular basis.
A statistical table of the number of recipients entitled to receive payments under Title 16 of the Social Security Act(Supplemental Security Income) by eligibility category , age group and state.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
A variety of special events aired on the Pentagon Channel, as well as exclusive interviews with senior Defense Department leaders.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related to diversity issues.
Average price of retail electricity customers by state by provider  annually, back to 1990.
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2003.  The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2007. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Medical Center physician and nurse staffing, and nurse turnover rates.
National Endowment for the Humanities evaluators, 1988-present.
The USPTO Trademark Daily Application Image 24 Hour Box consists of two datasets:    n(A)  24 Hour Box file, hryymmdd.zip     n(B)  24 Hour Box Supplemental file, hrsyymmdda.zip, with optional files, hrsyymmddb.zip, hrsyymmddc.zip, etc.      n(A)  The 24 Hour Box zipfile contains images of daily Trademark applications in either JPG format (black and white, grayscale, or color) or TIFF format (black and white) processed through the Trademark Image Capture and Retrieval System (TICRS) and viewable using any standard image viewer for Calendar Year 2009 (January through December). JPG images are accompanied by an XML file that contains text information about the application. TIFF images contain the application number embedded in the image (stamped prior to scan).  nOn November 2, 2003, the USPTO began accepting electronic submissions of Trademark applications from the International Bureau (IB) and continued to accept electronic submissions of Trademark applications from the Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS), as well as paper submissions.  nBeginning November 2, 2003, the Daily Trademark Application Image 24 Hour Box contains:  n1.  Cropped image file(s) in JPG format (black and white, grayscale, or color) for electronic applications filed through TEAS (78 Series Code and 77 Series Code) or the IB (79 Series Code). The cropped image file(s) in JPG format will be accompanied by an XML file that contains text information about the application.  n2. a.  Full-page drawing image(s) in TIFF format (black and white) for black and white paper submissions of Trademark applications (76 Series Code, or any amended black and white submissions).  n2. b.  Full-page drawing image(s) in JPG format (color) for color paper submissions of Trademark applications (also 76 Series Code, or any amended color paper submissions).  n(B)  The 24 Hour Box Supplemental zipfile(s) contain Trademark cropped TIFF (black and white) or cropped JPG (color) image files from paper submissions of Trademark applications. These cropped images are available one day after they appear as full-page drawing images in the 24 Hour Box zipfiles (See 2. a. and 2. b. above).  nAvailable daily (Monday-Friday) at 02:00 AM U.S. Eastern Time (excludes U.S. Federal holidays) for no charge. Average daily filesizes are 200 MB (compressed) for the 24 Hour Box zipfile and 14 MB (compressed) for the 24 Hour Box Supplemental zipfile(s) For more information about these files:  http://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/ac/ido/oeip/sgml/st32/trademark/TDXFDTDs.html
Operational View (OV) release 6.0 includes the hierarchical structure for DoD business activities.
This video is an introduction to the Economy+Energy+Environment -- E3 -- initiative. E3 is a framework through which local communities connect local manufacturers with the best technical assistance available. Each community is supported by coalition of federal agencies that have joined forces to form E3. E3 combines the strengths of federal, state, and local resources to promote sustainable manufacturing and economic growth throughout the United States. Communities use E3 to help boost local economies to achieve their unique sustainability goals and priorities. E3 directly helps manufacturers reduce costs, cut wastes, and be more competitive.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
An audio podcast that connects bloggers and online journalists with Defense Department civilians, military leaders and subject matter experts. The Roundtable provides source material where available, including audio, photo, video, transcripts, biographies and related fact sheets.
Information on donor contributions through the 2008 Combined Federal Campaign by local campaign.  Data includes information on the number of donors, campaign costs, payroll deduction contributions, and recipeint organizations.
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) periodically produce its HUD Subprime and Manufactured home Lender List for the lenders who specialize in either subprime or manufactured home lending, even though beginning with 2004 HMDA reporting, lenders are required to identify loans for manufactured housing and loans in which the APR on the loan exceeds a comparable Treasury APR.  The HUD Subprime and Manufactured home Lender List contains the names of those lenders, their agency codes, and lender identification numbers.  The agency code and lender identification numbers should be used to link to the individual HMDA loan application records (LARS). The file also contains a concatenated field, IDD, which is a combination of the agency code and lender identification number.  The HUD Subprime and Manufactured home Lender List has annually been updated and revised in response to feedback from lenders, policy analysts, housing advocacy groups, and other users of the list. HUD deletes lenders and adds others based on that feedback.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2001. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
PO.DAAC is an element of the Earth Observing System Data Information System (EOSDIS). PO.DAAC's primary responsibility is to provide distribution and archive support for NASA's physical oceanography missions such as TOPEX/Poseidon and SeaWinds on QuikSCAT. However, PO.DAAC additionally collaborates with other institutes to acquire complementary data products and value-added services.
This table contains key Financial data highlighted from PBGC's financial statements for the periods ending September 30, 1992 through September 30, 2009.  PBGC's financial statements can be accessed http://www.pbgc.gov
An RSS feed documenting top Air Force news stories of the day.
RSS Feed of Marine Safety News from the NTSB
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
This dataset consists of general economic indicators for all countries in the world as collated in the Department of State's Economic Engagement Matrix.
The files provide counts of frequently-occurring surnames and male and female first names in the 1990 Census returns.
Monthly Weather Observations ( Form 1001)  is a set of historical manuscript records for the period 1893-1948.  The major parameters in these records: station and sea level pressure; dry bulb, wet bulb, and dewpoint temperature; humidity; winds; precipitation; snowfall and snow depth; clouds; and weather.  These highly detailed observations range from 2-4  times daily.
A special, four-part audio series spanning from the Doolittle Raid to the Battle of Coral Sea and ending with the Battle of Midway.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
The GCMD database holds more than 30,000 descriptions of Earth science data sets and services covering all aspects of Earth and environmental sciences.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2008 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Ambient PM2.5 (particulate matter less than 2.5 microns) concentrations from the national ambient air quality monitoring networks stored in the Air Quality System (AQS).
Provides statistics on the number of federal, state, and local government civilian employees and their gross payrolls for the month of March for state and local governments, and December for the Federal Government.
The SAR Activity Review - By the Numbers is a compilation of numerical data gathered from Suspicious Activity Report (SAR) forms filed by financial institutions. It serves as a companion piece to The SAR Activity Review - Trends, Tips & Issues, which provides information about the preparation, use, and utility of Suspicious Activity Reports. By the Numbers generally is published twice a year to cover two filing periods: January 1 to June 30 and July 1 to December 31.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
This feed from the Federal Citizen Information Center provides updates on all kinds of every day consumer news, including recalls, scams and frauds.
This API returns a geography of a specified geography type by the geography id.
The statistical data generated through the administration of the Federal milk order program is recognized widely as one of the benefits of this program. These data provide comprehensive and accurate information on milk supplies, utilization, and sales, as well as class prices established under the orders and prices paid to dairy farmers (producers). The sources of this data are monthly reports of receipts and utilization, producer payroll reports, and reports of nonpool handlers filed by milk processors (handlers) subject to the provisions of the various milk orders. The local market administrator (MA) uses these reports to determine pool obligations under the order and to verify proper payments to producers. Auditors employed by the MA review handler records to assure the accuracy of reported information. Reporting errors are corrected; if necessary, pool obligations are revised.  After the pool obligations have been determined the local market administrator summarizes the individual handler reports and submits a series of order summary reports to the Market Information Branch (MIB) in Dairy Programs. The MIB summarizes the individual order data and disseminates this information via monthly, bimonthly, and annual releases or publications. Since milk marketing order statistics are based on reports filed by the population of possible reporting firms and not a sample, these statistics are comprehensive. Also, since these individual firm reports are subject to audit and verification, these statistics are accurate.  The Federal milk order statistics database contains historical information, beginning in January 2000, generated by the administration of the Federal milk order program. Most of the information in the database has been published previously by the Market Information Branch in Dairy Programs either on its web site or in the Dairy Market News Report. New users are encouraged to use the "User Guide" to learn how to navigate the search screens.  If you are interested in a description of the Federal milk order statistics program, or want current data, in ready made table form, use the "Current Information" link.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Text delimited files to include mines, mine addresses of record, Mine Inspection data and Yearly Mine Production Data.
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2002. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2006. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
This tool assists the public and Choice Neighborhoods applicants to prepare data to submit with their grant application by allowing applicants to draw the exact location of their target neighborhood. The tool will then calculate the number of housing units, the average poverty rate, and the vacancy rate of the area drawn and send an email back to the applicant within 24 hours. The email will have an attachment containing the necessary data for the Choice Neighborhoods application, along with information HUD can use to confirm the intended program area. The applicant should then submit this document with their grant application as instructed in the NOFA.
Operational performance metrics for steady-state investments.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
Stories of servicemembers wounded in combat share their stories, including their hard-won battles on the road to recovery, homecomings, and volunteer efforts.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Pentagon Channel's weekly interviews with and statements from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on issues concerning servicemembers.
Starting with Fiscal Year 2001, the Annual Report and Annual Report Appendix have been combined and renamed the Combined Statement of Receipts, Outlays, and Balances of the United States Government (Combined Statement). The Combined Statement is recognized as the official publication of receipts and outlays with which all other reports containing similar data must be in agreement. It presents budgetary results at the summary and detail level. It is part of a triad of publications that includes: the Monthly Treasury Statement, a report of the government receipts and outlays that is based on agency reporting, and the Daily Treasury Statement, summarizing data on the cash and debt operations of the Treasury based on reporting of the Treasury account balances of the Federal Reserve banks.
The Bureau of Reclamation provides monthly net hydropower generation data on a per facility basis for the past 10 years.  The data will be updated monthly with a quarterly delay to allow for data verification; i.e., October generation data would be available the following January.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
RSS Feed of Highway Safety News from the NTSB
An RSS feed documenting Marine Corps news from Okinawa, Japan.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2008 by several characteristics.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Figure 15: U.S. Grain Inspections: U.S. Gulf and PNW
A national survey conducted to obtain data on contingent or temporary work that a person does without expecting continuing employment from a particular employer.  The universe for this survey is each household member age 15 and older who had a job and worked for pay during the reference work or household members age 15 and older who did not have a job during the reference week but looked for work in the last year and were available for work during the reference week.  It is a proxy response survey.
A statistical table reporting the number of beneficiaries entitled to receive benefits under Title 2 of the Social Security Act (OASDI) and average monthly payment.
A statistical table of the average monthly payments of recipients entitled to receive payments under Title 16 of the Social Security Act(Supplemental Security Income) by state, eligibility category and age group.
Excess Federal properties identified in the Federal Real Property Profile. Lists all buildings, land, and structures that were identified as no longer necessary to fulfill program needs of agencies.
This file contains data on student charges for a full academic year.  Institutions that offer primarily academic programs measured in credit hours have a predominant calendar system of semester, quarter, trimester, or 4-1-4 or other academic calendar system report student charges for the full academic year.  Student charges on this data file include: average tuition and required fees for both full-time undergraduate and graduate students; per credit hour charges for both part-time undergraduate and graduate students;  Typical tuition and required fees for a full-time Doctor's - professional practice student in Chiropractic (D.C. or D.C.M.), Dentistry (D.D.S. or D.M.D.), Law (L.L.B. or J.D.), Medicine (M.D.), Optometry (O.D.), Osteopathic Medicine (D.O), Pharmacy (Pharm.D.), Podiatry (D.P.M., Pod.D., D.P.), or, Veterinary Medicine (D.V.M.), and Law (J.D.).
The price of attendance of full-time first-time undergraduates that are made available to the public on College Navigator is included on this file.  Price of attendance includes amounts for published tuition and required fees, books and supplies, room and board and other expenses.  Estimates for books and supplies, room and board and other expenses are those from the Cost of Attendance report used by the financial aid office in determining financial need.
This feed from the Federal Citizen Information Center provides updates on the most popular and useful questions and answers related to the U.S. government from our frequently asked questions database
Video series in which American servicemembers wounded in combat share stories of their service, including their hard-won battles on the road to recovery.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2002. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2005.  The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The NASA Goddard Earth Sciences (GES) Data and Information Services Center (DISC)  is the home (archive) of Precipitation, Atmospheric Chemistry and Dynamics, and information, as well as data and information from other related disciplines.
The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) Retailer Locator is designed to help recipients find SNAP local stores that welcome SNAP benefits.   The tool is intended to offer assistance to program recipients, State eligibility workers, community organizations - such as food banks - and others providing assistance to those in need.  SNAP Retail Locator tool will make it easier for SNAP participants, especially those who may be new and unfamiliar with the program, to gain access to food. The locator is available at http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/retailerlocator.htm
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for California tiger salamander (Ambystoma californiense), Central population, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Facility Registry System (FRS) identifies facilities, sites, or places subject to environmental regulation or of environmental interest to EPA programs or delegated states. Using vigorous verification and data management procedures, FRS integrates facility data from program national systems, state master facility records, tribal partners, and other federal agencies and provides the Agency with a centrally managed, single source of comprehensive and authoritative information on facilities.
The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System (CERCLIS) ("Superfund") Public Access Database (CPAD) contains a selected set of non-enforcement confidential information and is updated by the regions every 90 days. The data describes what has happened at Superfund sites prior to this quarter (updated quarterly). This database includes lists of involved parties (other Federal Agencies, states, and tribes), Human Exposure and Ground Water Migration, and Site Wide Ready for Reuse, Construction Completion, and Final Assessment Decision (GPRA-like measures) for fund lead sites. Other information that is included has been included only as a service to allow public evaluations utilizing this data. EPA does not have specific Data Quality Objectives for use of the data. Independent Quality Assessments may be made of this data by reviewing the Quality Assurance Project Plan (QAPP).
Total tonnage, total foreign tonnage, and total domestic tonnage (in short tons of 2000 pounds) of commodites carried on commercial waterways for forty years.
Veterans Health Administration works with many quality organizations including the Joint Commission for Accreditation of Healthcare Organizatins and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) to create and publicly report hospital quality information. This information measures how well hospitals care for their patients.nnThe hospital quality measures on this website show treatments for three of the most common and costly conditions that hospitals treat and for patients having surgery. Research shows that these treatments provide the best results for most patients with those conditions. Hospitals, doctors, scientists, and other health care professionals agree that these quality measures give a good snapshot of the quality of care that hospitals give. Hospitals should try to give all of their patients the recommended care when it is appropriate. The goal for each measure is 100 percent. For three conditions (heart attack, heart failure, and pneumonia) the website also presents information about surivival at 30 -days and readmission rates.nnYou should know, however, that a hospital's quality is more than just its scores on these measures. Hospitals provide care for other illnesses and conditions. Some hospitals may admit patients that are sicker. A hospital should be able to tell you what steps it is taking to improve its care. The information you will find on this website is intended to help you when you talk with your physician or hospital about how you can best get the care you need.
This dataset provides monthly volumes at the national level from federal fiscal year 2008 onwards for Internet Change of Address.  The dataset includes only Internet Change of Address transactions. It should be noted that, in addition to using our online Change of Address application, the public might change an address by calling our 800 number, visiting a field office, or mailing us the request.  This dataset pertains only to the online alternative.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where final critical habitat for the Amargosa vole (Microtus californicus scirpensis) occurs.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for New Mexican ridge-nosed rattlesnake (Crotalus willardi obscurus) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Hidalgo County, New Mexico.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Federal School Code List contains the unique codes assigned by the Department of Education for schools participating in the Title IV federal student aid programs. Students can enter these codes on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to indicate which postsecondary schools they want to receive their financial application results. The Federal School Code List is a searchable document in PDF and Excel format. The list will be updated on the first of February, May, August, and November of each calendar year.
Science and Engineering Indicators (SEI) comprises quantitative data on the U.S. and international science and engineering enterprise.  The "indicators" are quantitative representations that provide summary information on the scope, quality, and vitality of science and engineering.  SEI employs a variety of presentation styles including tables, figures, narrative text, bulleted text, Web-based links, highlights, introductions, conclusions, reference list to make the data accessible to readers with different information needs and information-processing preferences.  SEI's 8 chapters cover the following subjects:  1) Elementary and Secondary Mathematics and Science Education  2) Higher Education in Science and Engineering  3) Science and Engineering Labor Force  4) Research and Development: National Trends and International Comparisons  5) Academic Research and Development  6) Industry, Technology, and the Global Marketplace  7) Science and Technology: Public Attitudes and Understanding  8) State Indicators  SEI is prepared by the National Science Foundation's National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics (NCSES) under the guidance of the National Science Board (Board). It is subject to extensive review by outside experts, interested federal agencies, Board members, and NSF internal reviewers for accuracy, coverage, and balance.
News, highlights, and video surrounding the Presidential Inauguration.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 1998. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The National Weather Service (NWS) uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate aviation weather observations.  These RSS feeds are updated hourly and include the following: winds; pressure; humidity; clouds; and temperature.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Under Federal regulation 14 C.F.R. '§13.202, the Administrator of the FAA serves as the "decisionmaker" on appeals from the decisions of the Department of Transportation administrative law judges in civil penalty cases. Under Federal regulation 14 C.F.R. '§13.203, the Adjudication Branch along with the Assistant Chief Counsel for Litigation, advises the Administrator on such matters.
This web site, a companion to the annual publication Latin America and the Caribbean: Selected Economic and Social Data, provides the public, U.S. government agencies, and international development partners with socio-economic data on countries in Latin America and Caribbean.
Cases pending before Commissioners at the end of each month
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 1999. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The JPL Tropical Cyclone Information System (TCIS) brings together satellite and in situ data sets from various sources to help you find information for a particular tropical cyclone over the world's oceans.
This feed from the Federal Citizen Information Center provides updates from Gov Gab's six bloggers who share tips and information from the federal government to help make life a little simpler.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
This feed from the Federal Citizen Information Center provides updates on information to help consumers stay on top of important health news and get practical tips on food safety, asthma, exercise and diet, food recall alerts, and much more.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Pentagon Channel's weekly interviews with and statements from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on issues concerning servicemembers.
An RSS feed documenting Marine Corps training videos.
This table shows what the states are borrowing from the Unemployment Trust Fund in order to pay unemployment benefits.
During the school year, many children receive free and reduced-price breakfast and lunch through the School Breakfast and National School Lunch Programs. What happens when school lets out? Hunger is one of the most severe roadblocks to the learning process. Lack of nutrition during the summer months may set up a cycle for poor performance once school begins again. Hunger also may make children more prone to illness and other health issues. The Summer Food Service Program is designed to fill that nutrition gap and make sure children can get the nutritious meals they need.  This data set contains information on summer food service participation, meals served and cash payments provided by state.  (format: html, xls)
RSS Feed of Press Releases from the NTSB
The United States Army Corps of Engineers update.
This dataset contains five elements for appropriation figures for the Antitrust Division from 1903 to present. - Fiscal year - Direct Appropriation Amount Included in Appropriations Bill ($ in thousands) - Filing Fee Revenue Amount Included in Appropriations Bill ($ in thousands)  - Total Funding Appropriated ($ in thousands)  - Notes
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's (FMCSA) Safety Management System (SMS) is an automated data system used by FMCSA to monitor motor carrier on-road safety performance. FMCSA analyzes safety performance by grouping carrier data in the SMS into seven Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (BASICs) which are, in turn, used to identify potential safety problems with individual carriers and determine when an enforcement intervention might be appropriate.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force news stories related to the dignified transfer of fallen servicemembers.

An RSS feed documenting Air Force photos.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2008 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The mission of FNS is to provide children and needy families better access to food and a more healthful diet through its food assistance programs and comprehensive nutrition education efforts. These dataset provides a summary of all the FNS School Food Program combined into one dataset. It contains cash payments and commodity costs for the National School Lunch Program, School Breakfast Program and the Special Milk Program.
The Housing Affordability Data System (HADS) is a set of files derived from the 1985 and later national American Housing Survey (AHS) and the 2002 and later Metro AHS. This system categorizes housing units by affordability and households by income, with respect to the Adjusted Median Income, Fair Market Rent (FMR), and poverty income. It also includes housing cost burden for owner and renter households. These files have been the basis for the worst case needs tables since 2001. The data files are available for public use, since they were derived from AHS public use files and the published income limits and FMRs. These dataset give the community of housing analysts the opportunity to use a consistent set of affordability measures.
The Broadcasting Board of Governors' annual Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) report includes detailed statistics on the number and disposition of FOIA requests, including response times, volume of requests, and personnel costs.   This information is being presented for the first time in a machine-readable format that allows members of the public, including public interest organizations, scholars and the media, to track the Agency's performance.  This set covers fiscal year 2008.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
RadNet, formerly Environmental Radiation Ambient Monitoring System (ERAMS), is a national network of monitoring stations that regularly collect air, precipitation, drinking water, and milk samples for analysis of radioactivity. The RadNet network has been used to track environmental releases resulting from nuclear emergencies and to provide baseline data during routine conditions.
This website provides public access to state-level data about infants and  toddlers with disabilities (ages 0 - 3) served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part C; technical assistance (TA) materials to support the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data; and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
A list of all Home Health Facilities that have been registered with Medicare. The list includes addresses, phone numbers, and quality measure ratings for each facility.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
United States Army 82nd Airborne Division news and information.
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2008. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
U.S. rice production, supply, disappearance, trade, and price data. Includes state acreage, yield, and production data; U.S. and world price series; and program statistics. Contains world supply and use estimates as well.
Many different partners and groups, and several Center-led data projects, have contributed to the lidar data collection housed and distributed by the NOAA Coastal Services Center. The data span more than a decade and were collected using several different sensors. The collection includes data from topographic and bathymetric lidar sensors.  Data are available for all of the coastal states and range from shoreline strips to full county coverage. The products have been delivered to the Center in various formats, projections, datums, and units. Once received, the data are reviewed, checked for errors, and standardized in a single format, projection, and datum.
FVAP post election survey of department of state voting assistance officers.
This dataset contains voter registration data for the 2008 election cycle. The dataset and corresponding report address the impact of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 on the administration of elections for Federal office. The data and corresponding report are part of the EAC's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2007.
Search for statewide information in elementary/secondary education, postsecondary education and selected demographics for all states in the U.S. using a variety of NCES data sources.
This census provides information on county and municipal jails facilities in the United States and their administration. For all jails, the data include number of prisoners and their reason for being held, age and sex of prisoners, maximum sentence that could be served in the facility, facility capacity and age, types of security available, and operating expenditures. For jails in counties and municipalities with populations of 25,000 or more, data are supplied on quarterly jail population, age of cells, and availability of service facilities and programs for inmates.
To increase accountability, the BBG has published its Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for FY 2005 through FY 2009.  KPIs include audience and affiliate network sizes and program quality and credibility ratings for each of the BBG's broadcasters.
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2008 by several characteristics.
The United States Army's Soldiers Radio and Television podcast for Army Newswatch.
Ambient concentrations of most requested pollutants from the national ambient air quality monitoring networks stored in the Air Quality System (AQS).
Interchangeable and Substitutable (I&S) Family Statistics PICA Summary By Service NSNs in a Family (Part A)
British Petroleum (BP) provided data file from its Oil &  Gas Recovery efforts at its off-shore leaking well
A national survey conducted to obtain information about the number of individuals in the U.S. involved in unpaid volunteer activities, and to measure the frequency with which individuals volunteer.  The survey also identifies the types of organizations that facilitate volunteerism, and the types of activities in which volunteers participate.  The universe for the survey is household members that are age 15 or older.  It is a self-response survey that only takes proxy responses as a last resort.
Operational View (OV) release 6.0 describes information exchanges between business performers.
Comprehensive data on U.S. onion production, stocks, imports and exports, consumption, and prices. Includes acreage, yield, production, and value data for major producing States and onion acreage, production, and trade statistics for 40 countries and the world.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 1997. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
This dataset provides monthly data at the national level from federal fiscal year 2008 onwards for initial Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) applications filed via the Internet, and initial SSDI applications submitted via telephone, in person through a local SSA field office, or by mail that could be filed via the Internet.  Percentage of online applications is derived by dividing the number of initial SSDI applications filed via the Internet by the total number of initial SSDI applications that could be filed via the Internet.   The dataset includes only SSDI initial receipts.  SSDI initial receipt represent a worker in covered employment long enough and recently enough to be "insured", meaning paid Social Security taxes.  Social Security work credits are based on total yearly wages or self-employment income.  The amount needed for a credit changes from year to year.  The number of work credits needed to qualify for disability benefits depends on age at disability onset.  Generally, 40 credits are needed, 20 of which were earned in the last 10 years ending with the year of disability onset.
The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) sponsored a study of the work schedules and sleep patterns of railroad employees. The purpose of the study was to understand work-schedule related fatigue that affects various categories of railroad employees by documenting a group's work/rest schedules and sleep patterns to ascertain their impact on the level of fatigue/alertness. Employees surveyed include: signalmen, maintenance of way (MOW) workers, dispatchers, and train & engine service workers (in both freight and passenger train service)
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) periodically receives "custom tabulations" of Census data from the U.S. Census Bureau that are largely not available through standard Census products. These data, known as the"CHAS" data (Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy), demonstrate the extent of housing problems and housing needs, particularly for low income households. The CHAS data are used by local governments to plan how to spend HUD funds, and may also be used by HUD to distribute grant funds.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Mariana fruit bat (Pteropus mariannus mariannus), Guam Micronesian kingfisher (Halcyon cinnamomina cinnamomina), and Mariana crow (Corvus kubaryi) occur based on the based on the description provided in the Federal Register documentation.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force press releases.
This data product provides detailed statistics on sweet potatoes for the United States and individual sweet potato-producing states for 1960-2007. Acreage, yield, production, and value are presented by State. Other statistical series include U.S. per capita use, price indexes, shipments, arrivals, exports and imports by county, and selected cost of production. World acreage, production, exports, and imports are also included.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2004. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Abstract: These data identify the area (in general) where final critical habitat for the Morro Bay kangaroo rat (Dipodomys heermanni morroensis) occurs. Critical habitat for the species occupies one unit in western San Luis Obispo County immediately south of Morro Bay and west of the Community of Cuesta-by-the-Sea. A portion of critical habitat lies within Morro Bay State Park and a portion on private land.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
This dataset contains the annual summation of employee hours and coal production reported by mine operators where the average quarterly employment is greater than zero with grouping by calendar year, subunit code and mine ID beginning with 1983.  The subunit code identifies the location or operation of the mine relating to the:  (01) Underground;  (02) Surface at underground;  (03) Strip, quarry, open pit;  (04) Auger;  (05) Culm bank/refuse pile;  (06) Dredge;  (12) Other mining;  (17) Independent shops or yards;  (30) Mill operation/preparation plant;  (99) Office workers at mine site.
Estimates of farm sector income with component accounts: for the United States, 1910-2010; and for States, 1949-2008.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2007, over 67,800 employers with more than 61.3 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
RSS Feed of Railroad Safety News from the NTSB
This product provides U.S. annual data on imports and exports of selected fertilizer types. The data cover imports from 1995 to 2009 and exports from 1990 to 2009 for 26 major fertilizer products and materials, and for 82 major trading countries.
Forms 990 and 990-EZ filed by IRC Section 501(c)(3)-(c)(9) organiztions for Tax Year 2006
Financial reports for the trust funds that Public Debt manages, including the Unemployment Trust Fund, the Highway Trust Fund, Social Security, Oil Spill, Airport and Airway, Harbor Maintenance - a total of 18.
Numbers and descriptive titles of the patent classifications and subclassifications (classes/subclasses) for approximately 450 classes and approximately 150,000 subclasses of the U.S. Patent Classification (USPC) System. This file is the electronic version of the paper version of the Manual of Classification. The format is ASCII text. Available on or before the 15th of each odd month and contains data through the end of the previous even month. Each new bimonthly file totally replaces the previous file. Approximately 2.9 MB (compressed) per bimonthly file. Available 6 times a year from https://eipweb.uspto.gov/2010/ManualofClass/ctaf.zip  No order/order form is required. For more information about USPTO classification information:  http://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/opc/index.html
Data on federal government expenditures or obligations in state, county, and subcounty areas of the United States, including the District of Columbia and U.S. Outlying Areas.  It contains statistics on the geographic distribution of federal program expenditures, using data submitted by federal departments and agencies.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Reulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
An RSS feed documenting Air Force commercials.
This dataset provides monthly volumes at the national level from federal fiscal year 2008 onwards for Internet Direct Deposit applications.  The dataset includes only Internet Direct Deposit transactions. It should be noted that, in addition to using our online Direct Deposit application, the public might also call our 800 number, visit a field office,  or request a change of direct deposit by mail.  This data set pertains only to the online alternative.
An interactive dataset containing the metadata for the Data.gov raw datasets and tools catalogs.
MyIBFS is an internet-based system which allows for electronic filing of the following types of applications and forms: space station, earth station, Section 214, cable landing license, accounting rate change, recognized operating agency, international signaling point code (ISPC), data network identification code (DNIC), foreign carrier affiliation notification filings, and milestone/bond filings. MyIBFS also provides users with a whole host of query and reporting options. Our goal is to improve the speed and quality of service to our applicants, researchers and the general public.
The Agricultural Thesaurus was first released by the National Agricultural Library in 2002. The thesaurus has in depth coverage of agriculture, biology and related disciplines. It contains over 78,000 terms, including 31,000 cross references and is arranged into 17 subject categories. It is annually updated each January.  There is a parallel Spanish version, called Tesauro Agri-cola.
Monthly Climatic Data for the World (MCDW) is a monthly publication of monthly summary climatic data from around the world. Data are prepared by Members of the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) for selected stations and exchanged monthly via international telecommunications. The publication has separate sections for surface and upper air observations, and is stored as a PDF file. These data includes surface parameters pressure, temperature, vapor pressure, precipitation, sunshine and upper level pressure, height, temperature, and winds.
United States Army 1st Cavalry Division news and information.
Codes for the identification of the States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Insular Areas of the United States. Contains the 2-digit state FIPS code, postal abbreviation, and 8-digit Geographic Names Information Systems Identifier (GNISID)
The U.S. Climate Reference Network is designed specifically to monitor national climate change with best scientific practice and adherence to the accepted principles of climate observations. USCRN daily temperature mean, maximum, and minimum, daily precipitation, daily global solar radiation, and daily average surface infrared temperature data are available in the Daily01 file set for all stations in the network.  Daily mean, maximum, and minimum relative humidity are available for most stations.
This data collection includes tabulations of annual adult admissions to federal and state correctional institutions by gender for the years 1926 through 1987. The two data files have identical structures: Part 1 includes information on male admissions, and Part 2 includes information on female admissions. The 3,348 cases in each part include one case for each of the 62 years of the collection for each of the following 54 categories: the 50 states, the District of Columbia, federal institutional totals, state cumulative totals, and United States totals (the sum of the federal and state cumulative totals). The figures were drawn from a voluntary reporting program in which each state, the District of Columbia, and the Federal Bureau of Prisons reported summary and detailed statistics, as part of the National Prisoner Statistics reporting series. Each file also includes individual state and United States general population figures.
Raw data of all the events for the last month. Raw data is presented in pipe delimited format. This data set is updated monthly on the first business day of the month.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force video clips on the "Aircraft Spotlights" video channel.
This tool will let you analyze data associated with a storm. You can plot histograms, maps, and profiles for many different data sets and products.
United States Army Presidio of Monerrey news and information.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Alameda whipsnake (Masticophis lateralis euryxanthus) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Purchase-only monthly price change estimates for the United States and its census Divisions, provided in seasonally adjusted.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), a vernal pool crustacean, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Vernal pool fairy shrimp is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
This dataset provides monthly data at the national level of Social Security Retirement, Survivors, Medicare Insurance applications filed and cleared.
A Labor Condition Application (LCA) is used by employers as supporting evidence for the petition for an H-1B visa.  Only first issuance H-1B visas are subject to the legislated numeric limitation.  DOL disclosure data does not indicate the employer's intended use for the LCA. Data for the 2010 Fiscal Year is extracted from the iCert system. Data for the 2009 Fiscal Year is extracted from the iCert system and the eFile system Prior to the 2009 Fiscal Year employers have had the option to file H-1B applications via the LCA E-File online system or via the automated fax system.  H-1B data is available for both systems as separate files.  Over 90 percent of H-1B applications were e-filed in FY 2004.  The data are available for download by fiscal year (October to September) in Microsoft Access or comma delimited text format.  To speed up the download process the data are in ZIP files, however the files are still very large, and can take 2 hours or more to download using a dial-up connection.  A ZIP file utility is necessary to extract the files.
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2003.  The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
United States Surface Deployment and Distribution Command news and information.
Ventilator Associated Pnemonia, Central Line associate bacteremia, methicillin resistant staph aureus (MRSA), and hospital acquired pressure ulcers.
FACA Data collected and verified for FYs 1997-2010.  Committee and Subcommittee Data collected is not separately extracted.  The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
United States Army science and technology news.
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2000. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
EPA's Web Taxonomy is a faceted hierarchical vocabulary used to tag web pages with terms from a controlled vocabulary.  Tagging enables search and discovery of EPA's Web based information assests. EPA's Web Taxonomy is being provided in Simple Knowledge Organization System (SKOS) format.  SKOS is a standard for sharing and linking knowledge organization systems that promises to make Federal terminology resources more interoperable.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news, including release of reports, data and survey results from the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences (IES) from the U.S. Department of Education (ED).
Hot Topics of interest from the Office of the Chief of Public Affairs (OCPA).
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2006. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
United States Army Chaplaincy Corps news and information.
A web page that describes and links to EPA systems for accessing and downloading ambient (outdoor) air quality and emissions data
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2003. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The primary purposes of the Public Elementary/Secondary School Universe Survey are: (a) to provide a complete listing of all public elementary and secondary schools in the country; and (b) to provide basic information and descriptive statistics on all schools, their students, and their teachers.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
Total cases pending at the beginning of the month, total cases added to the docket during the month, total cases disposed of during the month, and total cases pending at the end of the mont.
Multi Family Housing:  A downloadable database file that identifies pertinent information related to USDA Rural Development housing assistance and the Multi Family Housing Section 515 Program.
The Civil Rights Data Collection (CRDC) collects data on key education and civil rights issues in our nation's public schools for use by the U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (OCR), other Department of Education offices, and other policymakers and researchers. This data collection provides information about students in public elementary and secondary schools on a variety of indicators, including enrollment, access to educational programs or services, and academic proficiency results, "disaggregated" or broken out, by factors including race, ethnicity, sex, and disability.    The projections are estimations of state and national data based upon the data collected from sampled districts. The CRDC does not collect personally identifiable information (e.g., student's name, social security number, date of birth).  The CRDC data are collected pursuant to the 1980 Department of Education Organization Act and 34 C.F.R. Section 100.6(b) of the Department of Education regulation implementing Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The requirements are also incorporated by reference in Department regulations implementing Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and the Age Discrimination Act of 1975.
An RSS video feed documenting Marine Corps special productions.
The Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act Inventory contains GSA's information related to the determination of whether a position is commercial or inherently governmental in nature.  Total Full-time Equivalent (FTE) are listed by activity, city and state and a designation of commercial (C) or inherently governmental (I).
This dataset shows the average interest rates for U.S Treasury securities for the most recent month compared with the same month of the previous year.    The data is broken down by the various marketable and non-marketable securities.    The summary page for the data provides links for monthly reports from 2001 through the current year. Average Interest Rates are calculated on the total unmatured interest-bearing debt. The average interest rates for total marketable, total non-marketable and total interest-bearing debt do not include the U.S. Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 1998. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Tesauro Agricola was first released by the National Agricultural Library in 2007. The thesaurus has in depth coverage of agriculture, biology and related disciplines. It contains over 73,000 terms, including 26,000 cross references and is arranged into 17 subject categories. It is annually updated each January. This thesaurus is a cooperative product of the National Agriculture Libraray and the Inter-American Institute for Cooperation on Agriculture (IICA).  There is a parallel English version, called NAL Agricultural Thesaurus.nnnn
Abstract: These data identify (in general) the areas designated as critical habitat for the Morro shoulderband Snail (Helminthoglypta walkeriana). Critical habitat for the species is spread among 3 units on the southern and eastern margins of Morro Bay, in the cities of Los Osos and Baywood Park, San Luis Obispo County, California     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2007. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
EXchange On Air invites Pentagon Channel viewers into the world of the Army and Air Force Exchange Service. Fun, relevant and informative, this monthly video program tackles issues that face our armed service members and families everyday.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2000. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2002. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The crosswalk file is designed to provide geographic and other identification information for each record included in either the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program files or in the Bureau of Justice Statistics' Census of State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies (CSLLEA). The main variables each record contains are the alpha state code, county name, place name, government agency name and type, police agency name, government identification number, Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) state, county, and place codes, Originating Agency Identifier (ORI) code, latitude and longitude. These variables allow a researcher to take agency-level data, combine it with Bureau of the Census and BJS data, and perform place-level and government-level analyses.
FACA Data collected and verified for FYs 1997-2010.  Committee and Subcommittee Data collected is separately extracted and keyed.  The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The notices and orders concerning the institution and/or settlement of administrative proceedings issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2010.
An integrated resource of solar imagery and data.
The dataset consists of estimates of erosion, sediment loss, soil organic carbon, nutrient loss, and pesticide loss from a statistically selected set of sample points within the Upper Mississippi River Basin.  Results for the Baseline Conservation Condition are reported for the region as a whole and for each of the 14 subbasins within the region.
The United States Army Flickr image feed.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), a vernal pool crustacean, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Longhorn fairy shrimp is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
Annual Congressional Report
The National Capital Planning Act empowers NCPC to review annual capital budgeting proposals from federal agencies for projects to be carried out over the next 6 years. NCPC evaluates the proposals for consistency with federal and local planning policies and prioritizes projects. The analyses and recommendations are compiled in the FCIP report, which is submitted to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for use in preparing the President's annual budget.This dataset contains the capital project cost estimates for federal agencies participating in the FCIP program adopted in 2009. Each record contains the full attribution of cost data fields derived from project records or updated existing project records. This dataset is used by NCPC to facilitate analysis and reporting of FCIP request reported annually to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). Text descriptions of the projects are contained in the annual report FCIP 2010-2015.
A video version of Pentagon Channel briefings from the DoD briefing studio on a wide range of topics, as well as briefings from Iraq and Afghanistan.
RSS Feed of Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety News from the NTSB
One-minute news updates airing on The Pentagon Channel at the top of each hour.
Current U.S. classification information for all patent grants issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office from 1790 to Present. Approximately 450 main divisions of technology, called classifications/classes, broken into approximately 150,000 subdivisions, called subclassifications/subclasses. Provided in patent grant sequence, by patent grant number with the current U.S. original classification/subclassification and any cross-reference classification/subclassifications. The format is ASCII text. Available on or before the 15th of each odd month and contains data through the end of the previous even month. Each new bimonthly file totally replaces the previous file. Approximately 121 MB (compressed) per bimonthly file. Available 6 times a year from https://eipweb.uspto.gov/2010/MasterClassPatentGrant/mcfpat.zip  No order/order form is required. For more information about USPTO classification information:  http://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/opc/index.html
Estimates are presented for the farm business balance sheets for the U.S. for 1960 to present and individual States for 1960 through 2003. The balance sheet includes component accounts for assets, debt, and equity, where equity equals assets minus debt.nn
Copies of Briefing Notices Issued
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2001. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2006. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
From the Pentagon Channel News Center, Around the Services is a daily half-hour video program featuring military news from top Defense officials and the Military Services from around the world.
National Priorities List (NPL) Sites - The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System (CERCLIS) ("Superfund") Public Access Database contains a selected set of non-enforcement confidential information and is updated by the regions every 90 days. The data describes what has happened at Superfund sites prior to this quarter (updated quarterly). This database includes lists of involved parties (other Federal Agencies, states, and tribes), Human Exposure and Ground Water Migration, and Site Wide Ready for Reuse, Construction Completion, and Final Assessment Decision (GPRA-like measures) for fund lead sites. Other information that is included has been included only as a service to allow public evaluations utilizing this data. EPA does not have specific Data Quality Objectives for use of the data. Independent Quality Assessments may be made of this data by reviewing the QAPP
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Green Vehicle Guide provides vehicle ratings based on emissions and fuel economy. This data extraction tool allows download by user-selected model year (2000 - current) and format.
The initial decisions issued by administrative law judges in 2010 that contains findings of fact, legal conclusions, and an order that often contains a sanction. These initial decisions follow hearings on allegations of securities law violations initiated in most cases by the Commission's Division of Enforcement.
The information provided here comes from the annual Agricultural Resource Management Survey (ARMS)-USDA's primary source of information on the financial condition, production practices, resource use, and the economic well-being of America's farm households. Sponsored jointly by ERS and the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS), ARMS is the only national survey that provides observations of field-level farm practices, the economics of the farm business, and the characteristics of the American farm household-all collected in a representative sample. Information about crop production, farm production, business, and households includes data for 15 selected States where available.
United States Army 3d Infantry Division news and information.
Total student population by grade level for each state or jurisdiction, including Department of Defense dependents schools, Bureau of Indian Education, and other jurisdictions.
The Annual Survey of Manufactures (ASM) provides key intercensal measures of manufacturing activity, products, and location for the public and private sectors. The ASM provides the best current measure of current U.S. manufacturing industry outputs, inputs, and operating status, and is the primary basis for updates of the Longitudinal Research Database (LRD). Some of the many uses of this data by federal, state, and local governments are measuring productivity, updating producer price indexes, evaluating and forecasting future industrial activity, benchmarking current data on manufacturing shipments and inventories, economic policymaking and forecasting, and preparing annual updates of the GNP and GNP weight deflators.
LODES Data provides detailed spatial distributions of workers' employment and residential locations and the relation between the two at the Census Block level. LODES also provides characteristic detail on age, earnings, industry distributions, and local workforce indicators.
United States Army Office of the U.S. Army Deputy Chief of Staff news and information.
The System for Tracking and Administering Real-property (STAR) is the primary tool used by PBS to track and manage the government's real property assets and to store inventory data, building data, customer data, and lease information. STAR manages aspects of real property space management, including identification of all building space and daily management of 22,000 assignments for all property to its client Federal agencies.  This data set contains PBS building inventory that consists of both owned and leased buildings with active and excess status.
The Pentagon Channel's weekly video update on news and information from around the Marine Corps.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2008 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
United States Army news headlines from the Middle East.
This dataset presents BBG funding by Agency component for the period between FY 2001 and FY 2008.  The data covers funding for each BBG broadcasting entity and for broadcast capital improvements.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Solano grass is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
FACA Committee Member List Data collected and verified for FY 2007. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
United States Army 101st Airborne Division news and information.
USTR's 2008 FOIA Log
The Promise Neighborhoods Fund website depicts open grantmaking information on the applicants received, grantees awarded and project locations.  The purpose of Promise Neighborhoods is to improve significantly  the educational and developmental outcomes of children in our most distressed communities, and to transform those communities by--     (1) Supporting efforts to improve child outcomes and ensure that data on those outcomes are communicated and analyzed on an ongoing basis by leaders and members of the community;     (2) Identifying and increasing the capacity of eligible entities that are focused on achieving results and building a college-going culture in the neighborhood;     (3) Building a complete continuum of cradle-through-college-to- career solutions (continuum of solutions), which has both academic programs and family and community supports, with a strong school or schools at the center. Academic programs must include (a) High-quality early learning programs designed to improve outcomes in multiple domains of early learning; (b) programs, policies, and personnel for children in kindergarten through the 12th grade that are linked to improved academic outcomes; and (c) programs that prepare students for college and career success. Family and community supports must include programs to improve student health, safety, community stability, family and community engagement, and student access to 21st century learning tools. The continuum of solutions also must be linked and integrated seamlessly so there are common outcomes, a focus on similar milestones, support during transitional time periods, and no time or resource gaps that create obstacles for students in making academic progress. The continuum also must be based on the best available evidence including, where available, strong or moderate evidence, and include programs, policies, practices, services, systems, and supports that result in improving educational and developmental outcomes for children from cradle through college to career;     (4) Integrating programs and breaking down agency "silos" so that solutions are implemented effectively and efficiently across agencies;     (5) Supporting the efforts of eligible entities, working with local  governments, to build the infrastructure of policies, practices, systems, and resources needed to sustain and "scale up" proven, effective solutions across the broader region beyond the initial neighborhood; and     (6) Learning about the overall impact of Promise Neighborhoods and about the relationship between particular strategies in Promise Neighborhoods and student outcomes, including a rigorous evaluation of the program.
This feed from the Federal Citizen Information Center provides updates about government news and information to help citizens stay up to date on it all.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Data Buoy Center uses RSS feeds to disseminate buoy station observations.  These RSS feeds are regularly updated to include: wind direction and speed; wind gusts; wave height; dominant wave period; average period; mean wave direction; atmospheric pressure; pressure tendency; air temperature; water temperature; dew point; visibility; and tide.
Contains all county level in-migration flows in the U.S. between Calendar Year 2007-2008.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Mexican spotted owl (Strix occidentalis lucida) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 1999. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2010
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 1997.  The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
To ensure an accurate sampling frame for its Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) survey, the Bureau of Justice Statistics periodically sponsors a census of the nation's state and local law enforcement agencies. This census, also known as the Directory, includes all state and local law enforcement agencies that are publicly funded and employ at least one full-time or part-time sworn officer with general arrest powers. The 2000 census, compiled in June 2000, is the fourth in the series, and, as in previous years, collected data on the number of sworn and nonsworn personnel employed by each agency, including both full-time and part-time employees. Variables include personnel totals, type of government, and type of agency.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Zayante band-winged grasshopper (Trimerotropis infantilis) occurs.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Colusa grass is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
United States Army Training and Doctrine Command news and information.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
United States Army Europe news and information.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
United States Army Warrior Transition Command news and information.
Agriculture Law and Statuary Proceedings Conducted by Administrative Law Judges, Rule Making, Rules of Practice, and Agencies Administering the statute. Contains Statuary Decision Opinions of the United State Department of Agriculture Office of Administrative law Judges and Judicial Officer. There are approximately 40 statutes administered by agencies within the Department of Agriculture that require Administrative Procedure Act (APA) hearings. The Judges issue initial decisions and orders in adjudicatory proceedings which become final decisions of the Secretary unless appealed to the Secretary's Judicial Officer by a party to the proceedings.
Data for Treasury marketable securities that sets records, such as the lowest rate or yield ever, the highest rate ever, the highest offering size, highest bid to cover and the dates associated with the data.
The purpose of this study was to provide a current listing of all felony courts in this country and to provide a universe from which a sample of courts could be selected based on felony caseload. The study includes information on all state felony courts in the United States, including the number of cases filed and disposed by conviction, acquittal, dismissal, or other means. Court administrators were asked to indicate the manner in which cases filed and disposed were counted, such as by defendant, charge, or indictment information. The total number of cases disposed during the period was also collected for juvenile delinquents and for traffic offenses (moving violations) where applicable. Finally, data were gathered on whether felonies reduced to misdemeanors were included in the felony count and whether lower courts in the jurisdiction accepted guilty pleas to felonies.
United States Army South news and information.
United States Army Infantry Center and School at Fort Benning news and information.
Root Cause Analyses (RCAs) completed within 45 days and outcome measures reported.
An RSS feed documenting official statements of the Department of Defense.
British Petroleum (BP) provided data file from its Oil &  Gas Recovery efforts at its off-shore leaking well
Contains 1976-2009 (and preliminary 2010) monthly natural gas price data for wellhead, imports, exports, citygate, and end-use sectors.
U.S. and State data on acreage, yield, production, price, and value for fresh and processing carrots. Additional statistics include supply and disappearance, per capita use, price indexes, shipments, arrivals, U.S. exports and imports by country, usual planting and harvesting dates, agricultural chemical use, world production, area, and trade, and more.
United States Army Forces Command news and information.
Data pertaining to federal departments' and agencies' Freedom of Information Act requests and appeals
A national survey conducted to obtain fertility and marital history data.  The universe for this survey is all households members 15-65 years of age.  The fertility questions are asked of females 15-44 years of age.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of stocks on a monthly basis.
This dataset provides monthly volumes at the national level from federal fiscal year 2008 onwards for Internet Medicare Replacement Card.  The dataset includes only Internet Medicare Replacement Card transactions.  It should be noted that, in addition to using our online Internet Medicare Replacement Card application, the public might request a replacement card by calling our 800 number, visiting a field office, or mailing us the request.  This data set pertains only to the online alternative.
Agency Monthly Status of moving Clients - updated Quarterly for this site.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Southwestern willow flycatcher (Empidonax traillii extimus). The geographic extent includes counties in Arizona, California, Colorado, New Mexico, Nevada and Utah.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2006 estimates of health insurance coverage by age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level and by age, sex, and income categories at the county level.
A joint venture is a self-directed partnership of agencies, organizations, corporations, tribes, or individuals that has formally accepted the responsibility of implementing national or international bird conservation plans within a specific geographic area or for a specific taxonomic group, and has received general acceptance in the bird conservation community for such responsibility. Federal, state, tribal, or private parties may suggest the development of new joint ventures at any time. The initiating agency or organization will coordinate with potential partners to produce a scoping document or concept plan. circulate the document for review and comment by agencies, organizations, and individuals. Based on this review, a decision as to whether or not to form a management board and develop an implementation plan will be made. submit a draft implementation plan to the Division of Bird Habitat Conservation (Division), which will coordinate the review of the plan within the Service, with the appropriate Flyway Councils (Atlantic, Mississippi, Central, and Pacific), with the national or international boards that oversee the various bird conservation initiatives (North American Waterfowl Management Plan, U.S. Shorebird Conservation Plan, North American Waterbird Conservation Plan, and Partners in Flight), and other interested parties. Based on this review, the Division will determine whether or not a recommendation for Service support of the proposed joint venture should be made to the Director.
The following list provides documents prepared by the Office of Chief Counsel that the Office has determined should be made available to the public, due to the nature of their subject matter.
The Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS) is a human health assessment program that evaluates quantitative and qualitative risk information on effects that may result from exposure to environmental contaminants.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An RSS video feed documenting Marine Corps Week events in Chicago.
A national survey conducted to obtain data on library use and accessibility of public library resources to people with disabilities.  Each household eligible for the basic Current Population Survey (CPS) are asked the library use questions.
Fiscal Year 2009 Report of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission on its Administration of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), 5 U.S.C.ss552
United States Army community relations news.
The annual data tables contained in this document provide summary statistics on the civil enforcement activities of the United States Trustee Program.  These tables summarize data for Fiscal Year 2004 through Fiscal Year 2010 (October 1, 2003 through September 30, 2010).  This report covers litigation outcomes.  Successful Litigation Outcomes include outcomes where the court entered an order granting the relief sought by the United States Trustee, in whole or in part, or the defendant agreed to other relief satisfactory to the United States Trustee.
The Mine dataset lists all Coal and Metal/Non-Metal mines under MSHA's jurisdiction since 1/1/1970. It includes such information as the current status of each mine (Active, Abandoned, NonProducing, etc.), the current owner and operating company, commodity codes and physical attributes of the mine. Mine ID is the unique key for this data.
Contains data covering the economics of the U.S. lettuce industry. Time-series data covers State and U.S. area, yield, production, prices, value as well as U.S. trade by country, per capita use, varieties, planting and harvesting dates, and fertilizer use on lettuce. Data series for world area, production, producer prices, and trade are also included.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2008 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2008 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Pentagon Channel program featuring military journalists that take viewers backstage with today's top entertainers for conversations with a uniquely military perspective.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Slender Orcutt grass is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Unnamed ground beetle (Rhadine exilis) occur. The geographic extent includes Bexar County, TX. This is one of seven invertebrate species addressed in the April 8, 2003 Federal Register document entitled: Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Seven Bexar County, TX, Invertebrate Species; Final Rule (68 FR 17155 17231).     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Offers search, display, and download of Trademark Trial and Appeal Board (TTAB) Final Decisions. Search requires one or a combination of the following: Proceeding or Application number (default); Type of Case; Party or Parties; TTAB Panel (2); Issue; TTAB Decision; Opposer's or Petitioner's Marks and Goods or Services; Applicant's or Respondent's Marks and Goods or Services; Marks and Goods Cited by Examining Attorney; Examining Attorney; Citable as Precedent of TTAB; identifier; issue date; start date; end date; search document text (free form); records per page (60 default; 15; 30; 45; or all). Additionally, there is a link to retrieve the last 30 days of TTAB decisions. Format is PDF. Unavailable during daily database backups from 01:00 - 05:00 AM U.S. Eastern Time.
Manténgase al tanto de las noticias e informaciones importantes del Gobierno con el canal RSS de GobiernoUSA.gov: noticias y actualizaciones. Este canal se actualizará cuando agreguemos noticias y contenido nuevo al sitio web GobiernoUSA.gov.
This file contains EXIM Bank's FOIA data for 10/01/2009-09/30/2010.
Defines whether a medical center is accreditated by Joint Commission and/or CARF, and laboratory accreditation.
United States Army news headlines.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2008 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Federal Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Production Statistics for Alaska by month and summarized annually.
The U.S. Climate Reference Network is designed specifically to monitor national climate change with best scientific practice and adherence to the accepted principles of climate observations. USCRN daily temperature mean, maximum, and minimum, daily precipitation, daily global solar radiation, and daily average surface infrared temperature data are available in the Daily01 file set for all stations in the network.
Number of life insurance policies for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 4-30-11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
United States  Army health and human services news.
Through its Electronic Document Information System (EDIS), the USITC provides an interface to extract investigation and document metadata through a Representational State Transfer (RESTful) architecture XML web service to provide key metadata to the user or application calling it. Investigation Data and Document Data may be extracted using this interface. The user of this interface may extract investigation data, including all investigations or investigation number or investigation and phase. The data may also be filtered by investigation status or investigation type.  Investigation information displayed includes the following data elements: 1) Investigation Number, such as 337-406, without the Tariff Act ( -TA-) nomenclature. 2) Investigation Phase, such as Violation, Preliminary, Final 3) Investigation Type, such as Import Injury, Sec 337, Industry and Economic Analysis, Byrd Amendment and Rule Making. 4) Investigation Status, such as PreInstitution, Active, Inactive, Cancelled. 5) Investigation Title 6) A link to the documents within that investigation  All documents stored in EDIS have metadata describing the content of each document. The user of this interface may extract document data by all or by document id. The data may also be filtered by investigation number, investigation phase, and document type.  Document information displayed includes the following data elements: 1) Document ID - unique ID number for the document in EDIS 2) Document Type - identifies the type of document, such as 'Action Request' or 'Correspondence - USITC' 3) Security Level - identifies the security level of the document. This interface will only extract metadata available to external users: Public, Limited and Confidential. 4) Investigation Number, such as 337-406 5) Investigation Phase, such as Violation, Preliminary, Final 6) Investigation Status, such as PreInstitution, Active, Inactive, Cancelled. 7) Investigation Title 8) Investigation Type, such as Import Injury, Sec 337, Industry and Economic Analysis, Byrd Amendment and Rule Making. 9) Firm / Organization - name of the Firm filing the document. 10) Filed By - attorney filing the document. 11) On Behalf of - Company being represented on the filing; or the Office for internal USITC filings. 12) Document Date - date the document was authored or signed. 13) Official Received Date - date the document was provided to the USITC Dockets Office.  Only Validated EDIS documents are included in this interface. Only Public, Limited and Confidential metadata are included. No document text or PDFs are included.
Current U.S. classification information for all patent grants issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office from 1790 to Present. Approximately 450 main divisions of technology, called classifications/classes, broken into approximately 150,000 subdivisions, called subclassifications/subclasses. Provided in classification sequence, by U.S. classification/subclassification (original and cross reference) followed by patent grant number. The format is ASCII text. Available on or before the 15th of each odd month and contains data through the end of the previous even month. Each new bimonthly file totally replaces the previous file. Approximately 119 MB (compressed) per bimonthly file. Available 6 times a year from https://eipweb.uspto.gov/2010/MasterClassPatentGrant/mcfcls.zip  No order/order form is required. For more information about USPTO classification information:  http://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/opc/index.html
An RSS feed with news from the Department of Energy Office of Scientific and Technical Information
An RSS feed documenting Defense Department speeches.
This table contains the total number of Applications for Permit to Drill (APDs) by state approved by the BLM each fiscal year.  Oil and gas operators may not begin drilling activities on a lease without an approved APD.  Note that a single lease may have multiple APDs approved and each well pad may have one or more APDs.
United States Army news headlines from continental Europe.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2010 through 12/31/2010
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Fresno kangaroo rat (Dipodomys nitratoides exilis) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Unites States Bureau of Reclamation regional boundaries GIS data layer
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
Federal Acquisition Service Performance Measures are tracked for each of the four portfolios within the organization (Assisted Acquisition Services; General Supplies and Services; Integrated Technology Services; and Travel, Motor Vehicle, and Card Services) and are reported annually.  Each measure aligns to one of Kaplan and Norton's Balanced Scorecard Perspectives:  customer, stakeholder, internal processes and technology, human capital, and financial.  The results reported here are collected and maintained by the Office of Strategy Management.
The annual data tables contained in this document provide summary statistics on the civil enforcement activities of the United States Trustee Program.  These tables summarize data for Fiscal Year 2004 through Fiscal Year 2010 (October 1, 2003 through September 30, 2010).  This report covers potential financial impact.  Financial Impact represents debt that potentially is not discharged in a bankruptcy case as a result of Program efforts.  The measure also includes funds that become part of or remain in bankruptcy estates, funds that are returned to debtors, funds that are paid to the Treasury, and sanctions and fines as a result of Program efforts.
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2007 estimates of health insurance coverage by age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level and by age, sex, and income categories at the county level.
United States Army Pacific Command news and information.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Ins" and "New Hires") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2009.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Accessions Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Accession, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
News from the United States Army Community Covenant program.
Provides national level estimates on both noncapitalized and capitalized spending for information and communication technology (ICT) equipment and computer software by U.S. nonfarm businesses with employees for NAICS 2-digit and selected 3-digit industries.  The Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), Federal Reserve Board, Bureau of Labor Statistics and industry analysts use these data to evaluate future productivity and economic growth prospects.  In addition, the proposed survey provides improved source data significant to the BEA's investment component of gross domestic product, estimates of capital stock and capital flow, and permits the reconciliation of important differences between reported production and consumption of technology.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2009.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force video clips on the "Senior Leadership Soundbites" video channel.
OHA provides an independent forum for the fair, impartial, equitable, and timely resolution of disputes involving the U.S. Department of Education and recipients of Federal Education Funds. This website publishes decisions issued by OHA and by the Secretary of Education. Decisions posted on OHA's web site are searchable.
An RSS video feed documenting Marine Corps community events.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news, including release of reports from the National Center for Special Education Research (NCSER), Institute of Education Sciences (IES), U.S. Department of Education (ED).
United States Army North news and information.
TES focuses on the troposphere, the layer of atmosphere that stretches from the ground to the altitude at which airplanes fly. With very high spectral resolution, TES can distinguish concentrations of gases at different altitudes, a key factor in understanding their behavior and impact. It's the first orbiting instrument able to do this with ozone, a very important chemical with regard to both global warming and air pollution.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Kauai cave wolf spider (Adelocosa anops) and the Kauai cave amphipod (Spelaeorchestia koloana) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
United States Military Academy news and information
The opinions and orders issued by the Commission in 2008 adjudicating either appeals from initial ALJ decisions or disciplinary or adverse action taken by self-regulatory organizations (such as FINRA) or motions in connection with these proceedings.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat occurs for 99 listed plant species known historically from the island of Oahu.  A total of approximately 22,274 hectares (ha) (55,040 acres (ac)) of land on Oahu fall within the boundaries of the 303 critical habitat units designated for these 99 species.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
United States Army Materiel Command news and information.
U.S. and state data on mushroom area, yield, production, price, value, sales, and use. Other series reported include trade by product by country, various price series, and world production.
A catalog of new nuclear power plant applications that the NRC expects to receive during each calendar year. This catalog shows the applicant's name, project or docket number, reactor design type, dates on which the NRC received and accepted the application, proposed number of units, name and State of the proposed site location, whether the site currently has an operating unit, and the current status of the application. The information for future applications is based solely on letters of intent submitted by prospective applicants.
United States Army Family Morale, Welfare and Recreation Command news and information.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
Observed minus expected length of stay
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2008 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Butte County meadowfoam (Limanathes floccosa ssp. californica), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Butte County meadowfoam is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
United States Army 10th Mountain Division news and information.
United States Army news headlines from Asia and the Pacific theater.
A national survey conducted to obtain fertility data that will assist researchers in determining changes in the number of births at specified periods in the past that have altered the Nation's population composition.  The universe for this survey is each household that was eligible for the Current Population Survey (CPS).  The fertility questions are asked of females 15-44 years of age.  It is a proxy response survey.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force video clips on the "Around the AF TV" video channel.
An RSS feed documenting Defense Department media events, briefings, publications and other opportunities.
United States Army news headlines from continental Africa.
Earmarks in FY 2010 Appropriations Bills
This census is the fourth enumeration of state adult correctional institutions and the first of federal institutions sponsored by the Bureau of Justice Statistics and conducted by the Bureau of the Census. Earlier censuses were completed in 1974 (ICPSR 7811), 1979 (ICPSR 7852), and 1984 (ICPSR 8444). Separate questionnaires were devised for confinement facilities and for community-based facilities. Variables describing the facilities include physical security, age, functions, capacity, confinement space, available medical facilities, programs, inmate/resident work assignments, staff employment, facilities under court order/consent decree for conditions of confinement, capital and operating expenditures, custody level of inmates/residents, one-day count and average daily population, race/ethnicity of inmates/residents, inmate/resident deaths, special inmate/resident counts, and assaults and incidents by inmates. An addendum on drug control activities in state and federal facilities was included in the 1990 census. Facilities were asked to provide information on the following: procedures used with inmates/residents, visitors, and staff to keep out illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia, inmate/resident drug-testing practices, including the criteria for testing inmates/residents, the number of inmates/residents tested in total and by specific drug, and the number that tested positive, staff drug testing, including groups and basis for testing, number tested, and procedures when tests were positive, and capacity and enrollment in various types of drug treatment and intervention programs. The instituttion is the unit of analysis.
United States Army News Service (ARNEWS) news wire.
United States Army  25th Infantry Division news and information.
The Pentagon Channel's fun, relevant and informative look into the world of the Army and Air Force Exchange Service and the issues facing military families.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training.  Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices. nnIAWG FY2008 Europe Regional Reports statistical reports that will be included in our dataset follow:nnParticipants by Employment TypenParticipants by Field of ActivitynInventory of Participants by CountrynParticipants by Federal Sponsor
This data layer depicts lands and waters administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) in North America, U.S. Trust Territories and Possessions. It may also include inholdings that are not administered by USFWS. The primary source for this information is the USFWS Realty program. The intended application of this data layer is as a cadastral framework for use with other data layers in GIS and mapping applications. It is specifically not intended to be used as a land survey or representation of land for conveyance or tax purposes. The FwsInterest feature class is an aggregated data layer derived by appending separate regional feature data sets into a single national set. The spatial and positional accuracy of this information will vary depending on the original source data and methods utilized. Data sources are not listed in this document but are maintained for each region and can be requested. We strive to improve the accuracy of this data and incorporate more reliable information when available.
United States Army Space and Missile Defense Command and Army Forces Strategic Command news and information.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Northern Spotted Owl (Strix occidentalis caurina) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in PENNSYLVANIA, as of January 2013.
This dataset summarizes  the Antitrust Division  workload activities over the preceding ten-year period. The data shows:  the number of investigations (premerger, civil, and criminal), cases (civil, criminal, administrative, and appellate),  judgement enforcement, case results (including fines,  confinement, and penalties), and other antitrust activities.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
"This Week in History" articles from the Center of Military History (CMH).
This file provides a list of the recipients of AmeriCorps State and National grant recipients under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
United States Army I Corps news and information.
This State-level data about infants and toddlers with disabilities, served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part C, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about early intervention programs and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force video clips on the "Airmen at War" video channel.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Buena Vista Lake shrew (Sorex ornatus relictus) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The HUD GIS Boundary Files are intended to supplement boundary files available from the U.S. Census Bureau. The files are for community planners interested in working with census tract and block group data that splits by jurisdiction boundaries (summary levels 080, 090, and 091). The GIS shape files are most helpful when linked with census tract and block group data downloaded from the census standard tabulation data, CDBG low/mod area data (summary level 090), or the CHAS 2000 data (summary levels 080 and 091).
This file contains the Social Security Administration's 2010 FOIA Annual Report.  The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2010.  It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Mount Graham red squirrel (Tamiasciurus hudsonicus grahamensis) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Graham County, Arizona.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Composite scores reflecting quality of care for outpatients (NEXUS) and inpatients (ORYX). Quality of outpatient care is further stratified by comparison of outpatient care by gender and age.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
British Petroleum (BP) provided data file from its Oil &  Gas Recovery efforts at its off-shore leaking well. This file is an engineering drawing of the Blow Out Preventer with the key components labeled.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Baker's larkspur (Delphinium bakeri) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Hospitalizations for all ambulatory care sensitive conditions, for congestive heart failure, and for pneumonia.
Private Letter Rulings ("PLRs"), Technical Advice Memoranda ("TAMs") and Field Service Advice Memoranda ("FSAs") are taxpayer-specific rulings furnished by the IRS National Office in response to requests made by taxpayers and/or Service officials.  It is important to note that, pursuant to 26 USC 6110(k)(3), such items cannot be used or cited as precedent.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This tool provides the capability to search all green opportunity data stored in the green.sba.gov database and output all or selected data set.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2007.
United States Army Basic Combat Training Center of Excellence at Fort Jackson news and information.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force video clips on the "Diversity" video channel.
The  National Weather  Service (NWS)  West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center uses regularly updated RSS feed to disseminate tsunami information statements for US and Canadian Atlantic, and Gulf of Mexico coastal regions.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
Annual data on U.S. and state acreage, yield, production and value of fresh cabbage and cabbage for sauerkraut. Also includes monthly prices, price indexes, usual planting and harvesting dates, varieties planted, per capita use, world acreage and production by country, and world trade.
United States Army Office of the Chief of Public Affairs, Community Relations Division - Northeast news and information.
United States Army Chief of Staff of the Army news and information.
Provides national estimates of investment in new and used buildings and other structures, machinery, and equipment by U.S. nonfarm businesses with and without employees.  Data are published by industry for companies with employees for NAICS 3-digit and selected 4-digit industries.  Data on the amount of business expenditures for new plant and equipment and measures of the stock of existing facilities are critical to evaluate productivity growth, the ability of U.S. business to compete with foreign business, changes in industrial capacity, and measures of overall economic performance. In addition, ACES data provide industry analysts with capital expenditure data for market analysis, economic forecasting, identifying business opportunities and developing new and strategic plans. The ACES is an integral part of the Federal Government's effort to improve and supplement ongoing statistical programs. Private companies and organizations,, educators and students, and economic researchers use the survey results for analyzing and conducting impact evaluations on past and current economic performance, short-term economic forecasts, productivity, long-term economic growth, tax policy, capacity utilization, business fixed capital stocks and capital formation, domestic and international competitiveness trade policy, market research, and financial analysis.
Report on Job Corps centers' performance against Job Corps established indicators and goals
An XML file containing FY 2001 through FY 2011 National Science Foundation (NSF) obligations by institution for the top 200 recipients defined in terms of total NSF funding received in the fiscal year.
The FCC's Public Safety & Homeland Security Bureau (PSHSB) is responsible for developing, recommending, and administering the agency's policies pertaining to public safety communications issues. These policies include 9-1-1 and E9-1-1; operability and interoperability of public safety communications; communications infrastructure protection and disaster response; and network security and reliability. PSHSB also serves as a clearinghouse for public safety communications information and emergency response issues.  A primary goal of PSHSB is to support and advance initiatives that further strengthen and enhance the security and reliability of the nation's communications infrastructure and public safety and emergency response capabilities that will better enable the FCC to assist the public, first responders, law enforcement, hospitals, the communications industry and all levels of government in the event of a natural disaster, pandemic or terrorist attack.
The Geographic Distribution of VA Expenditures (GDX)  is an annual report that shows estimated VA expenditures for major programmatic areas by geographic area (state, county, and congressional district). The major programmatic areas are: Compensation and Pension; Readjustment (Education) and Vocational Rehabilitation; Insurance; Construction; and, Medical and Administrative
Interactive maps with dataset on estimated impact per local school district
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Colorado pikeminnow (Ptychocheilus lucius) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes San Juan County, New Mexico ; San Juan, Garfield, Wayne, Emery, Grand, Carbon and Uintah Counties, Utah ; and Moffat, Rio Blanco, Garfield, Mesa and Delta Counties, Colorado.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Cancelled U.S. Commercial Nuclear Power Reactors  Demographics
Contains annual 2009 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
United States  Army Research, Development and Engineering Command news and information.
Abstract: These data identify the area (in general) where final critical habitat for the Owens tui chub occurs. Critical habitat for the species occurs in two locations in the Inyo National Forest in southern Mono County: along Hot Creek near the State of California Fish Hatchery immediately west of State Hwy 395 in the southwest 1/4 of section 35 T3S, R28E; the Owens River Gorge from Long Valley Dam to the western edge of section 36, T4S, R30E.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
Army.mil featured images and articles.
United States Army news headlines from continental North and South.
News and information from the United States Army National Guard.
The  National Weather  Service (NWS)  Pacific Tsunami Warning Center uses regularly updated RSS feed to disseminate tsunami information statements for Hawaii.
A national survey conducted to obtain data on working hours and work shifts.  It also collects data on hours worked at home and equipment used.  The universe for this survey is each working individual in the household.  Proxy responses are accepted for this survey.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2010 through 01/28/2010
Abstract: These data identify the area (in general) where final critical habitat for the Lompoc yerba santa (Eriodictyon capitatum) occurs. Critical habitat for the species occurs in two areas in western Santa Barbara County California: the Solomon Hills southeast of the City of Santa Maria and in the Santa Ynez Mountains east of Point Conception.     Purpose: To provide the user with a graphical representation, viewable within a GIS, of the boundaries of critical habitat as described in the Federal Register Volume 67, No. 216 pp. 67968 to 68001, November 7, 2002 .
This dataset presents information regarding the environmental reviews conducted under the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA).
Excess Federal properties identified in the Federal Real Property Profile. Lists all buildings, land, and structures that were identified as no longer necessary to fulfill program needs of agencies.
United States Army Soldiers Magazine articles and stories.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2008 are summarized in this table of key variables.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
A list of primary care and behavioral health care integration sites.
An RSS feed documenting transcripts of  news briefings and significant interviews of the Defense Department.
United States Army Secretary of the Army news and information.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for hairy Orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Hairy Orcutt grass is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
United States Army organizational, doctrine and policy news.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2007. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
This database contains Oil Shale Assays, Borehole Locations and Formation Tops that were used in support of the 2009 Oil Shale Assessment (Survey Fact Sheet 2009'''�"3012).  This database is an update from 1998 that was not available online and now includes over 321,000 Assays from 1049 samples.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where final critical habitat for the Scotts Valley spineflower (Chorizanthe robusta var. hartwegii) occurs. The boundaries of critical habitat for this species and Scotts Valley polygonum are coincident. The units of critical habitat are within the City of Scotts Valley, Santa Cruz County California.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2001. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide. This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities. Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2008
This dataset contains the annual summation of employee hours and coal production reported by mine operators where the average quarterly employment is greater than zero with grouping by calendar year, subunit code and mine ID beginning with 1983.  The subunit code identifies the location or operation of the mine relating to the:  (01) Underground;  (02) Surface at underground;  (03) Strip, quarry, open pit;  (04) Auger;  (05) Culm bank/refuse pile;  (06) Dredge;  (12) Other mining;  (17) Independent shops or yards;  (30) Mill operation/preparation plant;  (99) Office workers at mine site.
United States Army Office of the Chief of Public Affairs, Community Relations Division - Midwest news and information.
A national survey conducted to obtain information about enrollment in formal schools, full-time and part-time status, and level of education.  It is also used to obtain information about enrollment in business, vocational, technical, and correspondence courses.  The universe for this survey are household members age 3 and older.  It is a proxy response survey that is sponsored by the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) and the United States Census Bureau.
This API returns the demographics data from the coordinates.
The School Improvement Grant (SIG) program data depicts the location, award amount and type of model selected by States in awarding nearly $3.5 billion in School Improvement Grant funds in 2010 to turn around their persistently lowest achieving schools.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2009. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) is a comprehensive source of data on the environmental characteristics of almost all electric power generated in the United States. These environmental characteristics include air emissions for nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide; emissions rates; net generation; resource mix; and many other attributes.  eGRID2012 Version 1.0 is the eighth edition of eGRID, which contains the complete release of year 2009 data, as well as year 2007, 2005, and 2004 data.  For year 2009 data, all the data are contained in a single Microsoft Excel workbook, which contains boiler, generator, plant, state, power control area, eGRID subregion, NERC region, U.S. total and grid gross loss factor tabs. Full documentation, summary data, eGRID subregion and NERC region representational maps, and GHG emission factors are also released in this edition.  The fourth edition of eGRID, eGRID2002 Version 2.01, containing year 1996 through 2000 data is located on the eGRID Archive page (http://www.epa.gov/cleanenergy/energy-resources/egrid/archive.html). The current edition of eGRID and the archived edition of eGRID contain the following years of data: 1996 - 2000, 2004, 2005, and 2007. eGRID has no other years of data.
The DTIC Thesaurus provides a broad multidisciplinary subject term vocabulary that aids in information search and retrieval. Subject terms, called Descriptors, are organized into hierarchies, where series of narrower terms are linked to broader terms.
Quarterly retail e-commerce sales are estimated from the same sample used for the Monthly Retail Trade Survey (MRTS) to estimate preliminary and final U.S. retail sales. Coverage includes all retailers whether or not they are engaged in e-commerce. Online travel services, financial brokers and dealers, and ticket sales agencies are not classified as retail and are not included in either the total retail or retail e-commerce sales estimates.
The United States Army podcast for the Center for Military History's "This Week in Army History" program.
Conservation Reserve Program Contract Scheduled Expirations  (acreage scheduled to expire and leave the program) by fiscal year and County for 2005-2009.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Earmarks in 2008 Appropriations Bills
The U.S. Climate Reference Network is designed specifically to monitor national climate change with best scientific practice and adherence to the accepted principles of climate observations. USCRN  hourly soil moisture and soil temperature data are available in the Soilsip01 file set for all stations in the network which are equipped with soil sensors, and have completed an evaluation process currently lasting 240 days from installation.
The AV-2 (annotated for DM2) release 6.0 includes all the terms and definitions in the BEA and where appropriate, the term tagged with the DoDAF MetaModel concepts for Capability, Activity, Resources and Performers.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
United States Army Special Operations Command news and information.
The Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS) is a human health assessment program that evaluates quantitative and qualitative risk information on effects that may result from exposure to environmental contaminants.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2000.
These data are U.S economic and military assistance by country from 1946 to 2010. This is the authoritative data set of U.S. foreign assistance. The data set is used to report U.S foreign assistance to Congress as required by the Foreign Assistance Act, Section 634.
Contains Final Decisions of the Employees' Compensation Appeals Board under the Federal Employees' Compensation Act with respect to claims of federal employees injured in the course of their employment. The Board has final authority to determine the liability of the Federal government with respect to the disability or death of employees injured in the scope of their employment. There is no further administrative or judicial appeal of ECAB decisions. The Board consists of three permanent judges appointed by the Secretary of Labor, one of whom is designated as Chief Judge and Chairman of the Board.
The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System (CERCLIS) ("Superfund") Public Access Database contains a selected set of non-enforcement confidential information and is updated by the regions every 90 days. The data describes what has happened at Superfund sites prior to this quarter (updated quarterly). This database includes lists of involved parties (other Federal Agencies, states, and tribes), Human Exposure and Ground Water Migration, and Site Wide Ready for Reuse, Construction Completion, and Final Assessment Decision (GPRA-like measures) for fund lead sites. Other information that is included has been included only as a service to allow public evaluations utilizing this data. EPA does not have specific Data Quality Objectives for use of the data. Independent Quality Assessments may be made of this data by reviewing the Quality Assurance Action Plan (QAPP).
The Surface Weather Observations (SWO) library is the largest in the Environmental Document Access and Display System (EDADS).  It contains hourly weather data from over 700 U.S. locations. There are some forms from before 1920, but almost all are from the late 1920s to the present year.   These parameters include ceiling, visibility, weather, sea level pressure, temperature, dewpoint, winds, and altimeter.
A statistical table of the number of recipients entitled to receive payments under Title 16 of the Social Security Act (Supplemental Security Income), total payments, and average monthly payments.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Wintering populations of Piping Plover (Charadrius melodus) occur in Texas. The geographic extent includes Aransas,  Brazoria, Calhoun, Cameron, Kenedy, Kleberg, Matagorda, Nueces, and Willacy counties, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force video clips on the "Supporting Video" video channel.
Provides a listing of approved VA Polytrauma Sites by their designation level to assist in contacting appropriate facilities for Polytrauma rehabilitation services.
The U.S. Climate Reference Network is designed specifically to monitor national climate change with best scientific practice and adherence to the accepted principles of climate observations. The Climate Reference Network provides several visualizations of data collected from its stations, including novel visualizations of soil moisture and time series graphs of many CRN climate observations.
Abstract: This extraction tool enables shapefile extraction of wetland vector digital data. This data set represents the extent, approximate location and type of wetlands and deepwater habitats in the conterminous United States. These data delineate the areal extent of wetlands and surface waters as defined by Cowardin et al. (1979).      Certain wetland habitats are excluded from the National mapping program because of the limitations of aerial imagery as the primary data source used to detect wetlands. These habitats include seagrasses or submerged aquatic vegetation that are found in the intertidal and subtidal zones of estuaries and near shore coastal waters. Some deepwater reef communities (coral or tuberficid worm reefs) have also been excluded from the inventory. These habitats, because of their depth, go undetected by aerial imagery.      By policy, the Service also excludes certain types of "farmed wetlands" as may be defined by the Food Security Act or that do not coincide with the Cowardin et al. definition. Contact the Service's Regional Wetland Coordinator for additional information on what types of farmed wetlands are included on wetland maps.    Purpose: The present goal of the Service is to provide the citizens of the United States and its Trust Territories with current geospatially referenced information on the status, extent, characteristics and functions of wetlands, riparian, deepwater and related aquatic habitats in priority areas to promote the understanding and conservation of these resources.    Supplemental_Information: The wetland maps were produced as topical overlays using U.S. Geological Survey topographic maps as the base. The hard copy product is a composite map showing topographic and planimetric features from the USGS map base and wetlands and deepwater habitats from the Service's topical overlay. Thus, the data are intended for use in publications, at a scale of 1:24,000 or smaller. Due to the scale, the primary intended use is for regional and watershed data display and analysis, rather than specific project data analysis. The map products were neither designed or intended to represent legal or regulatory products.      Comments regarding the interpretation or classification of wetlands or deepwater habitats can be directed to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Division of Federal Program Activities, Branch of Habitat Assessment       These data were developed in conjunction with the publication Cowardin, L.M., V. Carter, F.C. Golet, and E.T. LaRoe. 1979. Classification of Wetlands and Deepwater Habitats of the United States. U.S. Department of the Interior, Fish and Wildlife Service, Washington, DC. FWS/OBS-79/31. Alpha-numeric map codes have been developed to correspond to the wetland and deepwater classifications described.      These spatial data are not designed to stand alone. They form topical overlays to the U.S. Geological Survey 1:24,000 or 1:25,000 scale topographic quadrangles. Note that coastline delineations were drawn to follow the extent of wetland or deepwater features as described by this project and may not match the coastline shown in other base maps.      Any use of trade, product, or firm names is for descriptive purposes only and does not imply endorsement by the U.S. Government.      Although this Federal Geographic Data Committee-compliant metadata file is intended to document the data set in nonproprietary form, as well as in Arc/INFO format, this metadata file may include some Arc/INFO-specific terminology.
United States Army Sergeant Major of the Army news and information.
An RSS feed with podcasts of news and information from the Department of Energy Office of Scientific and Technical Information
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Fender's blue butterfly (Icaricia icarioides fenderi) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where critical habitat for Inyo California towhee (Pipilo crissalis eremophilus) occurs. Critical habitat for the species occurs in 11 units consisting of isolated canyons and individual springs in the Argus Range, southern Inyo County, California. A large portion of final critical habitat lies on the China Lake Naval Air Weapons Station, the remainder on BLM land immediately east of the China Lake installation.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the valley elderberry longhorn beetle (Desmocerus californicus dimorphus) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
USAID’s Development Credit Authority (DCA) works with investors, local financial institutions, and development organizations to design and deliver investment alternatives that unlock financing for U.S. Government priorities. USAID guarantees encourage private lenders to extend financing to underserved borrowers in new sectors and regions. This dataset is the complete list of all private loans made under USAID's DCA since it was established in 1999. To protect the personal information of borrowers and bank partners, all strategic and personal identifiable information was removed. For explanations and limitations of the dataset, download the attachment in the metadata.
The opinions and orders issued by the Commission in 2009 adjudicating either appeals from initial ALJ decisions or disciplinary or adverse action taken by self-regulatory organizations (such as FINRA) or motions in connection with these proceedings.
Report of career transition service providers' performance against Job Corps' established peformance indicators and goals
Official United States  Army news releases.
This dataset contains voter registration data for the 2008 election cycle. The dataset and corresponding report address the impact of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 on the administration of elections for Federal office. The data and corresponding report are part of the EAC's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
These data files contain the total number of Actual Registrations for those who turned 18 (men born in the year 1990) during the Calendar Year 2008.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where final critical habitat for the Santa Cruz tarplant (Holocarpha macradenia) occurs. There are ten units of critical habitat for the species; nine units in Santa Cruz County and one in northernmost Monterey County, California.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of March 2009.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Geographic Distribution of VA Expenditures (GDX)  is an annual report that shows estimated VA expenditures for major programmatic areas by geographic area (state, county, and congressional district). The major programmatic areas are: Compensation and Pension; Readjustment (Education) and Vocational Rehabilitation; Insurance; Construction; and, Medical and Administrative.
Available services within each medical center
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NOAA's Weather and Climate Toolkit is an application that provides simple visualization and data export of weather and climatological data archived at NCDC. The Toolkit also provides access to weather/climate web services provided from NCDC and other organizations.  The Viewer provides tools for displaying custom data overlays, Web Map Services (WMS), animations and basic filters. The export of images and movies is provided in multiple formats. The Data Exporter allows for data export in both vector point/line/polygon and raster grid formats.
The United States Army podcast for briefings and speeches.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where final critical habitat for the La Graciosa thistle (Circium loncholepis) occurs. Critical habitat for the species occurs in two units. The Pismo-Orcutt Unit extends from the coastal strand in the Pismo Beach area in southwestern San Luis Obispo County through the Orcutt area in the Santa Maria Valley in northern Santa Barbara County. The Canada de Las Flores Unit lies in Canada de Las Flores, in the Solomon Hills in northern Santa Barbara County     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of June 2009.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Responsible Parties at CERCLIS Sites - The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System (CERCLIS) ("Superfund") Public Access Database contains a selected set of non-enforcement confidential information and is updated by the regions every 90 days. The data describes what has happened at Superfund sites prior to this quarter (updated quarterly). This database includes lists of involved parties (other Federal Agencies, states, and tribes), Human Exposure and Ground Water Migration, and Site Wide Ready for Reuse, Construction Completion, and Final Assessment Decision (GPRA-like measures) for fund lead sites. Other information that is included has been included only as a service to allow public evaluations utilizing this data. EPA does not have specific Data Quality Objectives for use of the data. Independent Quality Assessments may be made of this data by reviewing the Quality Assurance Action Plan (QAPP).
United States Army III Corps news and information.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2007
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Kincaid's lupine (Lupinus sulphureus (=oreganus) ssp. kincaidii (=var. kincaidii)) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The United States Army Delicious bookmark page links.
Field Samples are physical media collected during the response which are subsequently analyzed either in a laboratory or in the field using InSitu equipment.  Common field samples include air filters and soil samples.  Radiochemistry analysis typically reports the presence of specific radionuclides measured as total activity or as either activity/unit of mass or activity/unit of volume, depending upon the sample media.  In addition, total beta and total alpha activity may be reported. Currently, air filter and soil sample analysis results may be downloaded through the data repository.  Both data sets are similar; they contain a number of columns describing the collected sample as well as the results of radiochemical analysis.  In addition, there are a number of special fields that are specific to a given sample type; e.g. Air Filters specify the filter type and total volume, while soil samples specify the sample weight. For convenience, the sample information and subsequent analysis has been Ã''flattenedÃ'" into a simple tabular format.  Consequently, if a sample has multiple analysis results the Ã''sample collectionÃ'" values will be repeated through the set; e.g. sample ID#, barcode, latitude/longitude, collection date etc.  To be included in the data repository, a given sample must meet the following criteria: has a valid latitude, longitude, and collection date; has been sent to a laboratory for analysis, or had analysis performed in the field; has at least one valid analysis result with a reportable unit, nuclide, and activity which has been validated by an authorized laboratory staff member.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The System for Tracking and Administering Real-property (STAR) is the primary tool used by PBS to track and manage the government's real property assets and to store inventory data, building data, customer data, and lease information. STAR manages aspects of real property space management, including identification of all building space and daily management of 22,000 assignments for all property to its client Federal agencies. This data set contains Lease and lessor detail information pertain to leases in active and excess buildings.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Houston toad (Bufo houstonensis) based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Bastrop and Burleson Counties, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
An RSS feed documenting The Bloggers Roundtable, an audio webcast that connects bloggers and online journalists with Defense Department civilians, military leaders and subject matter experts. The Roundtable provides source material where available, including audio, photo, video, transcripts, biographies and related fact sheets.
The "Forts Project" is a collection of records kept at U.S. Army Fort stations in the 19th century, as well as records of the U.S. Signal Service, a predecessor to the National Weather Service. Also included are voluntary observers' records submitted to the Signal Service and the Smithsonian Institution during the same period. The parameters included in these records are daily and monthly temperature, pressure, winds, humidity, and  precipitation.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2003.
The Fort Belvoir Information Hotline podcast.
Average Conservation Reserve Program Rental Payments by State.
This census is the sixth enumeration of state adult correctional institutions and the third of federal institutions sponsored by the Bureau of Justice Statistics and conducted by the Bureau of the Census. Earlier censuses were completed in 1974 (ICPSR 7811), 1979 (ICPSR 7852), 1984 (ICPSR 8444), 1990 (ICPSR 9908), and 1995 (ICPSR 6953). For each facility, information was provided on physical security, age, functions, capacity, court orders for specific conditions, one-day counts and average populations, race/ethnicity of inmates, inmate work assignments, inmate deaths, special inmate counts, assaults, and incidents caused by inmates. The institution is the unit of analysis.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat occurs for 99 listed plant species known historically from the island of Lanai. The three species are Bidens micrantha ssp. kalealaha, Portulaca sclerocarpa, and Tetramolopium remyi. A total of approximately 320 hectares (789 acres) of land on Lanai fall within the boundaries of the six critical habitat units designated for the three species. Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
This dataset shows the number of nonimmigrant visa issuances by class of nonimmigrants  including crewlist visas and border crossing cards, Fiscal Years 1987-2009
United States Army Vice Chief of Staff of the Army news and information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2008.
Annual series that provides subnational economic data by industry. The series is useful for studying the economic activity of small areas; analyzing economic changes over time; and as a benchmark for statistical series, surveys, and databases between economic censuses. Businesses use the data for analyzing market potential, measuring the effectiveness of sales and advertising programs, setting sales quotas, and developing budgets. Government agencies use the data for administration and planning.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where final critical habitat for the robust spineflower (Chorizanthe robusta var. robusta) occurs. Critical habitat for the species occurs along the coast in Santa Cruz and Monterey counties. In Santa Cruz County, there are six units of critical habitat: units A and B in the City of Santa Cruz, units C and D adjacent to the City of Aptos, unit E near the City of Watsonville, and unit F on Sunset State Beach southwest of Watsonville. In Monterey County unit G is located along the coast from the City of Marina south to the City of Seaside.     Purpose: To provide the user with a graphical representation, viewable within a GIS, of the boundaries of critical habitat as described in the Federal Register volume 67, No. 102 pp. 36822 to 36845.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat occurs for 83 listed plant species known historically from the island of Kauai. A total of approximately 21,266 hectares (ha) (52,549 acres (ac)) of land on the island of Kauai and 144 ha (357 ac) of land on the island of Niihau fall within the boundaries of the 217 critical habitat units designated for the 83 species. This critical habitat designation requires the Service to consult under section 7 of the Act with regard to actions carried out, funded, or authorized by a Federal agency. Section 4 of the Act requires us to consider economic and other relevant impacts when specifying any particular area as critical habitat. This rule also determines that designating critical habitat would not be prudent for seven species. We solicited data and comments from the public on all aspects of the proposed rule, including data on economic and other impacts of the designation n    Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required. n
This dataset includes all terminated HUD Multifamily mortgages except those from the Hospital Mortgage Insurance Program. It includes the Holder and Servicer at the time the mortgage was terminated.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training.  Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices. nnIAWG FY2008 Near East Regional Reports statistical reports that will be included in our dataset follow:nnParticipants by Employment TypenParticipants by Field of ActivitynInventory of Participants by CountrynParticipants by Federal Sponsor
This census, designed by the Bureau of Justice Statistics and conducted by the United States Census Bureau, includes all state correctional facilities known to the Census Bureau in 1979. Each facility is classified into one of ten categories such as community center, prison farm, road camp, or reception center. Data for 1979 include number of inmates by security classification and by sex, number of full- and part-time staff, number of paid and volunteer staff broken down by position, age, pay, and education, number and age of facilities, type of facilities provided in each cell by size of cell, hospital facilities available, programs provided for the inmates, job training, and inmate IQ scores. The institution is the unit of analysis.
An XML file containing a history of National Science Foundation NSF Funding Rates per Fiscal Year (FY) with Principal Investigator (PI) Demographics.
United States Army Office of the Chief of Public Affairs, Community Relations Division - West news and information.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 1999
This feed from the Federal Citizen Information Center provides updates that help citizen learn how to stretch their dollars with tips on saving and investing, updates on recent scams and frauds, and more.
An RSS feed documenting Air Force video clips on the "Spotlights" video channel.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2006-2008. Available for geographic areas with populations of 20,000 or more.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Pecos Sunflower (Helianthus paradoxus) occur. The geographic extent includes Chaves, Cibola, Guadalupe, Socorro and Valencia Counties, New Mexico and Pecos County, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: The shapefile may contain features that are necessary, but are not needed for displaying the designated critical habitat. To properly display the critical habitat features, set the following Display Query: "S_STATUS" = 'CH'
The Special Milk Program provides milk to children in schools and childcare institutions who do not participate in other Federal meal service programs. The program reimburses schools for the milk they serve. Schools in the National School Lunch or School Breakfast Programs may also participate in the Special Milk Program to provide milk to children in half-day pre-kindergarten and kindergarten programs where children do not have access to the school meal programs.  The data set consists of number of outlets, number of half-pints served and federal expenditures.  (format html,  xls)
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), a vernal pool crustacean, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Conservancy fairy shrimp is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
Provides estimates of revenue and other measures for most traditional service industries. The Bureau of Economic Analysis uses these data in its preparation of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP), national income and product accounts, and its benchmark and annual input-output tables. The Bureau of Labor Statistics uses the data as input to its producer price indexes and in developing productivity measurements. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) uses the data to estimate expenditures for the National Health Accounts. The Coalition of Service Industries uses data for general research and planning. Trade and professional organizations use the estimates to analyze industry trends and benchmark their own statistical programs, develop forecasts, and evaluate regulatory requirements. The media use estimates for news reports and background information. Private businesses use the estimates to measure market share; analyze business potential; and plan investment decisions.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Oregon Silverspot Butterfly (Speyeria zerene hippolyta) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The purpose of this study was to document the existing organization of courts in the 50 states and the District of Columbia as of 1971-1972. The survey covers all appellate courts, courts of general jurisdiction, special courts, and other courts of limited jurisdiction. Excluded were justices of the peace and similar magistrates whose compensation is solely on a direct fee basis, and courts of limited or special jurisdiction located in municipalities or townships with a 1960 population of less than 1,000. The data for courts include information on the organization of the court, geographic location, type of court, level of government administering the court, number, types, and full- or part-time status of judicial and other personnel, method of appealing cases, location of court records, and types of statistics. Court subdivision variables cover organization of the courts, geographic location, type of court, level of government administering the court, types of jurisdiction, percentage of judges' time spent on types of cases, availability of jury trials, and length of sentence and amounts of fines which may be imposed by the court.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to find teaching and learning resources from across the federal government.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2000
This dataset contains violations issued from 1/1/1978 to 1/1/2000 as a result of MSHA inspections. Each inspection results in a unique Event Number that can be associated with many violations and is a direct link to the Inspections Data Set. The violator name at the time of the violation, the actual date the violation occurred and the date the violation was issued are in this file. This table contains details about the specific citation/order/safeguard issued, such as Section of the Act, relevant dates and the conditions or practices which caused and constituted a violation or an imminent danger. The data is captured from (MSHA form 7000-3).
The Severe Weather Data Inventory (SWDI) is an integrated database of severe weather records for the United States. The records in SWDI come from a variety of sources in the NCDC archive. SWDI provides the ability  to search through all of these data to find records covering a particular time period and geographic region, and to download the results of your search in a variety of formats. The formats currently supported are Shapefile (for GIS), KMZ (for Google Earth), CSV (comma-separated), and XML.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2005.
Access data on aliens removed by criminal status and region and country of nationality fiscal years 2001 to 2010
GSA e-Buy, is an electronic Request for Quote (RFQ) / Request for Proposal (RFP) system designed to allow government buyers to request information, find sources, and prepare RFQs/RFPs, online, for millions of services and products offered through GSA's Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) and GSA Technology Contracts. Government buyers can use eBuy to obtain quotes or proposals for services, large quantity purchases, big ticket items, and purchases with complex requirements. Buyers may use e-Buy to evaluate and accept the quotation that represents the best value. Buyers may then make award to any contractor whose quotation was accepted. The e-Buy Award dataset are the award data collected by e-Buy for a given fiscal year.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2004.
This site provides addresses, telephone numbers and other key information for USDA Service Center locations. These office locations will provide customers with information and assistance for available disaster programs. Agencies shown include the Farm Service Agency, Rural Development and the Natural Resources Conservation Service.
Lists basic social media metrics aggregated on a weekly basis. Metrics include SAMHSA's Facebook fans, comments, likes, and posts; and Twitter followers and mentions.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the plant Keck's checker-mallow (Sidalcea keckii) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
United States Army 3rd Infantry Regiment / The Old Guard news and information.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive notification of Information for Federal Aid Professionals (IFAP) related to Federal Student Aid from the U.S. Department of Education (ED), including electronic announcements, Federal Register notices, Dear Colleague letters, and foreign school updates.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Tax Expenditures
An annual nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
View and download data that is intended to spur and inform conversations about how to improve educational results and track comprehensive education reforms from cradle to career, beginning with children at birth, supporting them through high school and postsecondary education, and helping them to succeed as lifelong learners who can adapt to the constant changes in the demands of the global economy.   President Obama has established a goal that, by 2020, the United States will once again have the highest proportion of college graduates in the world. Meeting this goal is vital to our long-term economic security and to preparing young people and adults to be active citizens.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Contra Costa wallflower (Erysimum capitatum var. angustatum) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses RSS feeds to disseminate Central Pacific tropical cyclone and marine forecasts. These RSS feeds are regularly updated and include:   Tropical Weather Outlooks; Central Pacific hurricane advisories , outlooks and discussions;  Hawaiian surf and land forecasts; and Hawaiian weather news.
2009 data on small business, small farm, and community development lending reported by certain commercial banks and savings institutions, pursuant to the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA).
Count of OSC employees (FTE's) on a monthly basis
The Interactive Data and Mapping Tool provides users a way to access all post-2005 SAHIE data; in multiple formats; in a sleek, organized, and innovative way.  Currently, data can be downloaded as a Pdf, CSV or screenshot.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat occurs for 41 listed plant species known historically from the island of Hawaii. A total of approximately 84,200 hectares (208,063 acres) of land on the island of Hawaii fall within the boundaries of the 99 critical habitat units designated for these 41 species. Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The US Census Bureau's online County Look-up Tool provides the unique 3-digit code for the Identification of Counties and Equivalent Entities of the United States, its Possessions, and Insular Areas.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Madla Cave meshweaver (Cicurina madla) occur. The geographic extent includes Bexar County, TX. This is one of seven invertebrate species addressed in the April 8, 2003 Federal Register document entitled: Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Seven Bexar County, TX, Invertebrate Species; Final Rule (68 FR 17155 17231).     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2002
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of March 2008.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
U.S. and State data on acreage, yield, production, price, crop value, and per capita disappearance (use) for fresh and processing asparagus. Other statistics include U.S. trade by product and country, farm numbers, world area, production, and trade.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2005.
This dataset is a national census of state library agencies.  A state library agency is the official agency of a state that is charged by state law with the extension and development of public library services throughout the state and that has adequate authority under state law to administer state plans in accordance with the provisions of the Library Services and Technology Act (LSTA).  Beyond these two roles, state library agencies vary greatly.  This dataset provides information on the range of roles played by state library agencies and the various combinations of fiscal, human, and informational resources invested in such work.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
Contains annual data on field production of crude oil by state back to 1981 and nationally back to 1920.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2004
United States Army XVIII Airborne Corps news and information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2008
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2003
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2002.
Federal Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Production Statistics for the Pacific by month and summarized annually.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Jail Census was conducted in early 1978 by the United States Census Bureau for the Bureau of Justice Statistics. The census was taken of all locally administered county and municipal jails with the authority to hold prisoners for more than 48 hours. Data are presented for jails in 45 states. Excluded are Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Rhode Island, and Vermont. Information includes jail population by legal status, age and sex of prisoners, maximum sentence, admissions and releases, available services, structure and capacity, expenditure, and employment.
IRIS Work Item Module supports Real Property Asset Management (RPAM) and the Financial Operation Division.  IRIS manages the estimated cost of building projects related to repairs and alterations, and new construction
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2005. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat occurs for 60 listed plant species known historically from the islands of Maui and Kahoolawe. A total of approximately 37,717 hectares (ha) (93,200 acres (ac)) of land on the island of Maui and 1,180 ha (2,915 ac) of land on the island of Kahoolawe fall within the boundaries of the 139 critical habitat units designated for the 60 species. Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where final critical habitat for the Gaviota tarplant (Deinandra increscens villosa) occurs. Critical habitat for the species occurs in three units. These units are in western Santa Barbara County immediately adjacent to the southeastern boundary of Vandenberg Air Force Base on Tranquillon Ridge (W. Santa Ynez Mountains) and in southern Santa Barbara County along the coastal slopes and terraces from Gaviota to Jalama and inland from Sacate in the adjacent Santa Ynez Mountains.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Helotes mold beetle (Batrisodes venyivi) based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Bexar County, TX. This is one of seven invertebrate species addressed in the April 8, 2003 Federal Register document entitled: Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Seven Bexar County, TX, Invertebrate Species; Final Rule (68 FR 17155 17231).     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This data set provides information for STEM education (pre-kindergarten through graduate) investments funded by Federal agencies at the level of $300,000 or above.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Bonytail Chub (Gila elegans) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes portions of Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada and Utah.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2000
This is electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where final critical habitat for the purple amole (Chloragalum purpureum var. purpureum) occurs. Critical habitat for the species lies immediately adjacent to Fort Hunter Liggett in Monterey County, California.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
This file contains data on student charges by program.  Institutions that measure programs in clock hours or have primarily occupational programs measured in credit hours report student charges data by the full length PROGRAM.  This file contains the number of programs offered and  the price of attendance for entering students that are made available to the public on College Navigator; Price of attendance includes amounts for published tuition and required fees, books and supplies, room and board and other expenses for the largest program.  Esitmates for books and supplies, room and board and other expenses are those from the Cost of Attendance report used by the financial aid office in determining financial need. In addition to the price of attendance for the largest program, tuition and fees and books and supplies are also included for up to an additional five programs.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the large-flowered fiddleneck occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate Marine Weather Discussions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: Polygon shapefile depicting the 100 foot riparian buffer surrounding the Quitobaquito Spring complex as part of the critical habitat for the desert pupfish as described in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Pima County, Arizona. Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Estimated review schedules for new reactor applications, showing reactor design type, schedule duration, beginning and ending dates, and current status. Schedules depicted for non-docketed applications represent the nominal anticipated review durations. Actual schedules will be established after the applications are docketed.
The NOAA Coastal Services Center, in partnership with federal, state, and local governments, has acquired numerous high-resolution imagery data sets of coastal areas. The high-resolution data sets represent imagery collected from multiple aerial data sources, including digital and frame cameras. The images were originally acquired to support a number of projects, including mapping of upland and wetland habitats, mapping of benthic and submerged aquatic vegetation habitats, and as a pre-hurricane baseline data source. The high-resolution data sets were collected to support projects with state and local partners. The areas of coverage are relatively small and do not represent statewide or contiguous coverage of all coastal areas.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the delta smelt (Hypomesus transpacificus) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The database provides funding levels of U.S. Trade Capacity Building (TCB) activities designed to promote economic growth through international trade in developing countries and transition economies. U.S. TCB activities have received a higher profile since the 2001 WTO Ministerial in Doha and their increased funding enables the U.S. Government to fulfill its pledges of support for free trade areas and trade liberalization.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2001
Earmarks in FY 2009 Appropriations Bills
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 1999
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Outs" and "Separations from the Federal Service") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2009.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Separations Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Separation, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
These data files contain the total number of Actual Registrations for those who turned 18-25 (men born in the year 1990-1983) during the Calendar Year 2008.
USAID’s Development Credit Authority (DCA) works with investors, local financial institutions, and development organizations to design and deliver investment alternatives that unlock financing for U.S. Government priorities. Whether it’s getting working capital to promising entrepreneurs or input financing to small farmers, DCA seeks to prove the commercial viability of underserved markets so that lending and investment continues long after we exit.  The Development Credit Authority (DCA) uses partial credit guarantees to mobilize local financing in developing countries. Guarantee agreements encourage private lenders to extend financing to underserved borrowers in new sectors and regions. By opening up local channels of financing, USAID is empowering entrepreneurs in developing countries at a minimal cost to the U.S. taxpayer.  This dataset is the complete list of all USAID partial credit guarantees since DCA was established in 1999. This USAID dataset shows the partial credit guarantees that USAID has issued since the development credit authority program was founded in 1999. The spreadsheet reflects the full facility size of each guarantee, how much was lent under the guarantee, the status of the guarantee (i.e., active or expired) , how much in claims the bank submitted due to losses it incurred for loans placed under the guarantee, and how many loans were placed under coverage of the guarantee. The data also shows the sector and country for each guarantee.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2004.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2012.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The United States Army Army Materiel Command News Dispatch podcast.
This tool presents the latest annual and quarterly import trade data for U.S. states.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
The mission of FNS is to provide children and needy families better access to food and a more healthful diet through its food assistance programs and comprehensive nutrition education efforts. These dataset provides a summary of all the FNS School Food Program combined into one dataset. It contains cash payments and commodity costs for the National School Lunch Program, School Breakfast Program and the Special Milk Program.
The United States Army podcast for Soldiers Radio and Television's Environmental Update.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of December 2008.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The PIRLS International Data Explorer (IDE) is on online tool that allows users to export data and create tables, charts, and maps using data from international assessments. The IDE provides results for the United States and 44 other jurisdictions from the administration of PIRLS in 2006. Results include reading achievement of fourth-grade students; responses to a student questionnaire about their background, attitudes, and school experiences; responses to a teacher questionnaire about instructional practices, resources, and background and training; and responses to a school questionnaire about school characteristics and resources.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset provides monthly data at the national level from federal fiscal year 2008 onwards of Social Security Retirement Insurance applications filed via the Internet, and Social Security Retirement Insurance applications submitted via telephone, in person through a local SSA field office, or by mail that could be filed via the Internet.  Percentage of online applications is derived by dividing the number of retirement insurance applications filed via the Internet by the total number of retirement insurance applications that could be filed via the Internet.   The dataset includes Social Security Retirement Insurance applications only for retired workers who worked in covered employment long enough to be insured (need 40 credits - 10 years of work), and who are at least 61 years and 9 months old, want to start receiving benefits in the next four months, and live in the United States or one of its commonwealths or territories.
This study provides a descriptive analysis of confinement facilities and state-operated community-based correctional facilities nationwide. Decision-makers, practitioners, and researchers may use the census to analyze the current conditions and needs of state correctional facilities for adults. Variables of interest include physical security, age of facilities, functions of facilities, programs, inmate work assignments, staff employment, facilities under court order/consent decree for conditions of confinement, capital and operating expenditures, custody level of residents/inmates, one-day and average daily population counts, race/ethnicity of inmates, inmate work assignments, inmate deaths, special inmate counts, and assaults and incidents by inmates. The institution is the unit of analysis.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Comal Springs riffle beetle (Heterelmis comalensis) occur. The geographic extent includes Comal and Hays Counties, Tx.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Razorback sucker (Xyrauchen texanus) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes counties in Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico and Utah.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2006.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This data layer depicts the external boundaries of lands and waters that are approved for acquisition by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) in North America, U.S. Trust Territories and Possessions.  The primary source for this information is the USFWS Realty program. The intended application of this data layer is as a cadastral framework for use with other data layers in GIS and mapping applications. It is specifically not intended to be used as a land survey or representation of land for conveyance or tax purposes. The FwsApproved feature class is an aggregated data layer derived by appending separate regional feature data sets into a single national set. The spatial and positional accuracy of this information will vary depending on the original source data and methods utilized. Data sources are not listed in this document but are maintained for each region and can be requested. We strive to improve the accuracy of this data and incorporate more reliable information when available.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
The Global Carbon Capture and Storage Project Database includes both active and proposed Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) projects world-wide. Information in the database regarding technologies being developed for capture, evaluation of sites for sequestration of carbon dioxide (CO2), estimation of project costs and anticipated dates of completion for projects are sourced from publicly available information. This database provides the public with information regarding efforts by various industries, public groups, and governments towards development and eventual deployment of CCS technology. This is an active database that will be updated as information regarding these or new projects are released to the public.
The United States Army podcast for Soldiers Radio and Television's One on One.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Palila (Loxioides bailleui) occur based on the based on the description provided in the Federal Register documentation.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Defines the quality of care at a national level between rural vs urban populations.
These data files contain the total number of Actual Registrations for those who turned 25 (men born in the year 1983) during the Calendar Year 2008.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2006
The United States Army Army Materiel Command NewsCast podcast.
The National Capital Planning Commission library catalog is a compilation of titles, authors, years of publication and topics of books, reports and NCPC publications.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Concho water snake (Nerodia paucimaculata) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Concho, Coleman, McCulluch, Runnels and Tom Green Counties, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Non-NPL Sites - The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System (CERCLIS) ("Superfund") Public Access Database contains a selected set of non-enforcement confidential information and is updated by the regions every 90 days. The data describes what has happened at Superfund sites prior to this quarter (updated quarterly). This database includes lists of involved parties (other Federal Agencies, states, and tribes), Human Exposure and Ground Water Migration, and Site Wide Ready for Reuse, Construction Completion, and Final Assessment Decision (GPRA-like measures) for fund lead sites. Other information that is included has been included only as a service to allow public evaluations utilizing this data. EPA does not have specific Data Quality Objectives for use of the data. Independent Quality Assessments may be made of this data by reviewing the Quality Assurance Action Plan (QAPP).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of where the 91.4 m (300 ft) of critical habitat buffer for the Rio Grande silvery minnow (Hybognathus amarus) occur. The geographic extent includes Bernalillo, Sandoval, Socorro and Valencia Counties in New Mexico. Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2002.
Job Corps outreach and admissions operators' performance against Job Corps established indicators and goals
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Research, Education, and Economics Information System (REEIS) is a source of information on the research, education and extension programs, projects and activities of the U. S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA), the USDA Forest Service, the USDA National Agricultural Statistics Service, the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office, U. S. Census Bureau, and the U. S. National Science Foundation. The system enables users to measure the impact and effectiveness of research, extension and education programs based on data related to agricultural research; forestry research; students, faculty and degrees related to agriculture; USDA partner institution snapshots; Food and nutrition research; 4-H programs; and agricultural snapshots of each state. Internet links to related agencies, institutions, and data bases are also included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2005
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Fleshy owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Fleshy owl's-clover is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2001.
Provides detailed sample information from Census 2000.  It consists of 813 tables of social, economic and housing characteristics compiled from a sample of approximately 19 million housing units (about 1 in 6 households) that received the Census 2000 long-form questionnaire. Fifty-one tables are repeated for nine major race and Hispanic or Latino groups.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2000.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Bay checkerspot butterfly (Euphydryas editha bayensis) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Blackburn's Sphinx Moth (Manduca blackburni) occur on the island of Molokai.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Dataset Provides Exercise Schedules.  A list of full-scale Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and NRC evaluated exercises required of nuclear facilities is provided.  The list includes identification of the date and type of exercise (e.g., plume, ingestion, partial), and the participants.  NRC Headquarters and Regional staff members typically participate in four full-scale emergency response plume exercises each year and also participate in select ingestion exposure exercises.  Exercise participants may include licensee, State, county and local governmental and emergency response agencies, NRC, FEMA and other appropriate Federal agencies.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 1996 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
2008 Veteran life insurance expenditures by state and county.   Expenditures represented the actual disbursements from Insurance's Award and Inforce systems.
The System for Tracking and Administering Real-property (STAR) is the primary tool used by PBS to track and manage the government's real property assets and to store inventory data, building data, customer data, and lease information. STAR manages aspects of real property space management, including identification of all building space and daily management of 22,000 assignments for all property to its client Federal agencies.  This data set contains Lease and lessor detail information pertain to leases in active and excess buildings.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2008
Section 655 Annual Military Assistance Reports cover defense articles and defense services licensed for export under 22 U.S.C. 2778 of the Arms Export Control Act (see the AECA Web page here). These reports are provided annually to Congress pursuant to Section 655 of the Foreign Assistance Act and, as required by that Section, these reports show for a fiscal year the aggregate dollar value and quantity of defense articles and defense services authorized as direct commercial sales to each foreign country
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Forms 990-PF for Tax Year 2006
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) Frequently Request Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2003
The 2009 Digest provides a historical record of key legal developments in 2009. Legal Adviser Harold Hongju Koh summarized the contents of the 2009 Digest, stating in part:  In 2009, as this volume reflects, a new United States administration, under the Presidency of Barack Obama, took office and pursued important initiatives demonstrating its respect for the rule of law. For instance, the United States has sought to ensure its detention operations, detainee prosecutions, and uses of force are all consistent with the laws of war. In one of his first actions after taking office, President Barack Obama unequivocally banned the use of torture as an instrument of U.S. policy and instructed that all interrogations of detainees be conducted in accordance with Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions and with the revised Army Field Manual. The executive branch also articulated a revised, narrower legal basis for its authority to detain individuals, based on the 2001 statutory Authorization for the Use of Military Force ("AUMF"), and made clear that its interpretation of the AUMF would be informed by the law of war. The administration also worked with Congress to improve the legal framework governing military commissions.  Finally, as the President made clear in his Nobel lecture, "[w]here force is necessary, we have a moral and strategic interest in binding ourselves to certain rules of conduct. . . . [E]ven as we confront a vicious adversary that abides by no rules . . . the United States of America must remain a standard bearer in the conduct of war.  The United States also resumed our multilateral engagement in many different diplomatic fora, while remaining fully engaged in others. With the International Criminal Court, the United States participated for the first time as an observer in the Eighth Session of the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome Statute. With the Human Rights Council, the United States became a member of the Council for the first time. With the climate change negotiations, the United States engaged at the highest level, and President Obama and the leaders of key major economies reached consensus on the Copenhagen Accord in December 2009. The United States submitted a written statement and written comments to the International Court of Justice concerning the UN General Assembly's request for an advisory opinion on the question "Is the unilateral declaration of independence by the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government of Kosovo in accordance with international law?" and I was privileged to deliver an oral statement of the U.S. views to the Court in December.   Promoting the development of international law also played a key part in the United States' economic diplomacy agenda, including in the areas of trade, sanctions, claims settlement, and private international law. Arbitral tribunals issued awards in favor of the United States under the Softwood Lumber Agreement and the North American Free Trade Agreement in 2009, and the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal issued a partial award in favor of the United States. The United States also continued to participate actively in the World Trade Organization's dispute settlement mechanism and received favorable decisions in a number of disputes in that forum. In the area of private international law, the United States signed the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Carriage of Goods, Wholly or Partly by Sea ("Rotterdam Rules") and the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements ("Choice of Court Convention") and participated actively in the negotiations concluding the Convention on Substantive Rules for Transfers of Intermediated Securities ("Geneva Securities Convention").   The United States also pursued initiatives to renew the rule of law by reviving our treaty and agreement making process. For example, in 2009, we deposited or exchanged instruments of ratification to bring into force more than 70 advice and consent treaties, which is an all-time annual record for the United States. Among these treaties were crucial law of war instruments, tax treaties, an environmental treaty, and law enforcement treaties, including landmark agreements with the European Union on extradition and mutual legal assistance in criminal matters, which entered into force in early 2010. In addition, we negotiated a new treaty to replace the Treaty on the Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms ("START"), signed the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities-the first new human rights convention of the twenty-first century, and supported the negotiation of a new multilateral agreement to reduce mercury pollution.  In 2009 the United States also sought legal and policy-based solutions to a range of other pressing international problems. For example, the United States took the lead on a Security Council resolution concerning sexual violence in situations of armed conflict, which the Council adopted unanimously on September 30, 2009.  The year also marked several important developments relating to the privileges and immunities of foreign states and foreign officials in the United States. The Supreme Court issued one opinion concerning the effect of Presidential and congressional action on a state's immunity from jurisdiction in the United States (Iraq v. Beaty). The Court issued another opinion holding that a U.S. victim of terrorism could not enforce a judgment against Iran by attaching, under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, certain Iranian property that was unblocked at the time of the lower court decision, and that, in any event, the victim had relinquished any right to attach the property by having already accepted payment under the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (Ministry of Def. & Support v. Elahi). Within the executive branch, the State Department announced two significant decisions relating to privileges and immunities of foreign diplomatic or consular missions and their personnel: (1) the Department began accepting the accreditation of same-sex domestic partners of foreign diplomatic or consular personnel assigned to official duty in the United States, meaning that accredited same-sex domestic partners now have the same privileges and immunities as other accredited family members whom the Department recognizes as forming part of a diplomat's household; and (2) the Department also extended exemptions from real property taxes to residences owned by foreign governments and used to house staff of diplomatic missions to the United Nations and the Organization of American States and consular posts. . . .
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for desert pupfish (Cyprinodon macularius) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Pima County, Arizona.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An interactive dataset containing the metadata for the Data.gov raw datasets and tools catalogs.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2008.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Leopard darter (Percina pantherina) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes McCurtain and Pushmataha Counties, Oklahoma ; Polk County, Arkansas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2002
Earmarks in 2005 Appropriations Bills
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A listing, by Section, of Department of Justice, Civil Rights Division cases and matters.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Cokendolpher Cave harvestman (Texella cokendolpheri) occur. The geographic extent includes Bexar County, TX. This is one of seven invertebrate species addressed in the April 8, 2003 Federal Register document entitled: Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Seven Bexar County, TX, Invertebrate Species; Final Rule (68 FR 17155 17231).     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of sales by type of processor on a monthly basis.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2008.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2004
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Texas wild-rice (Zizania texana) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Hays County, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where a buffer for the final critical habitat for Sonora chub (Gila ditaenia) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Santa Cruz County, Arizona. Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for loach minnow (Tiaroga cobitis) occur. The geographic extent includes Apache, Graham, Greenlee, and Pinal Counties, Arizona and Catron, Grant and Hidalgo Counties, New Mexico.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
"The 1999 Census of Jails is the seventh in a series of data collection efforts begun in 1970 and aimed at studying the nation's locally administered jails authorized to hold inmates beyond arraignment. Included in this collection are 47 privately operated jails under contract to local governments and 42 regional jails operated for two or more jail authorities. The census also identified 11 facilities maintained by the Federal Bureau of Prisons that functioned as jails.  Excluded from the census are state-administered facilities, including the combined jail-prison systems in Alaska, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Rhode Island, and Vermont.Variables include the number of inmates by legal status, age and sex, maximum sentence, admissions and releases, inmate health issues, facility services and programs, structure and capacity, facility age and use of space, expenditures, and staff.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2006.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Broadcasting Board of Governors' annual Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) report includes detailed statistics on the number and disposition of FOIA requests, including response times, volume of requests, and personnel costs. This information is being presented in a machine-readable format that allows members of the public, including public interest organizations, scholars and the media, to track the Agency's performance. This set covers fiscal year 2009.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Oahu Elepaio (Chasiempis sandwichensis ibidis) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The purpose of this census was to provide information on jails throughout the United States. Information is supplied on the number of inmates held, types of accommodations, number of different types of staff personnel, procedures for segregating certain types of inmates, and selected programs and services.
Conservation Reserve Program Contract Scheduled Expirations  (acreage scheduled to expire and leave the program) by fiscal year and State for 2005-2009.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for gypsum wild-buckwheat (Eriogonum gypsophilum) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Eddy County, New Mexico. NOTE: The text description provided by the Federal Register incorrectly identifies the sections as T20S;R25E;Sec19 and T20S;R26E;Sec24. The actual location is T20S;R25E;Sec24 and T20S;R26E;Sec19.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Telecommunications Gateway provides  weather, hydrologic, and climate forecasts and warnings for the United States, its territories, adjacent waters and ocean areas, for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy. NWS data and products form a national information database and infrastructure which can be used by other governmental agencies, the private sector, the public, and the global community.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
WaterWatch (http://waterwatch.usgs.gov) is a U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) World Wide Web site that displays maps, graphs, and tables describing real-time, recent, and past streamflow conditions for the United States. The real-time information generally is updated on an hourly basis. WaterWatch provides streamgage-based maps that show the location of more than 3,000 long-term (30 years or more) USGS streamgages; use colors to represent streamflow conditions compared to historical streamflow; feature a point-and-click interface allowing users to retrieve graphs of stream stage (water elevation) and flow; and highlight locations where extreme hydrologic events, such as floods and droughts, are occurring.   The streamgage-based maps show streamflow conditions for real-time, average daily, and 7-day average streamflow. The real-time streamflow maps highlight flood and high flow conditions. The 7-day average streamflow maps highlight below-normal and drought conditions.   WaterWatch also provides hydrologic unit code (HUC) maps. HUC-based maps are derived from the streamgage-based maps and illustrate streamflow conditions in hydrologic regions. These maps show average streamflow conditions for 1-, 7-, 14-, and 28-day periods, and for monthly average streamflow; highlight regions of low flow or hydrologic drought; and provide historical runoff and streamflow conditions beginning in 1901.  WaterWatch summarizes streamflow conditions in a region (state or hydrologic unit) in terms of the long-term typical condition at streamgages in the region. Summary tables are provided along with time-series plots that depict variations through time. WaterWatch also includes tables of current streamflow information and locations of flooding.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2006
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: These data identify (in general) the areas where critical habitat for the bull trout (Salvelinus confluentus) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental Information: There are 3 shapefile that comprise this dataset.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Five- and ten-year PAYGO scorecard showing cumulative deficit impact of PAYGO legislation and a bill-by-bill listing of deficit effects.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2005
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Hoover's spurge is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), Fleshy owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Provides a detailed portrait of business activities in industries and communities once every five years, from the national to the local level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2003.
An XML file containing FY 2001 through FY 2011 National Science Foundation (NSF) obligations by state and account.
Index of select cases and documents filed by the U.S. Department of Justice, Antitrust Division since January 1993. Cases are listed alphabetically by the last name of individual defendants, by company name, or by the entity's first name. Amicus curiae briefs are listed by plaintiff name.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Ins" and "New Hires") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2005.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Accessions Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Accession, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2000 through 12/31/2000
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Little Kern golden trout (Oncorhynchus aquabonita whitei) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IDAHO, as of January 2011.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate North Atlantic High Seas Forecasts.
Production, acreage, value, prices, imports, exports, per capita use, and beginning stocks for major fresh market and processed vegetables, 1970 onward. Also includes data for potatoes, sweet potatoes, dry beans and peas, and fresh and processed mushrooms.
As a tool to support NOAA's new partnership with the renowned science museum, the Exploratorium, and in collaboration with the Central and Northern California Ocean Observing System and other regional data providers, NOAA  has developed a Web page to make it easy to visualize near-real time data in San Francisco Bay.  The interface  uses Google Maps and the latest AJAX technology to combine and compare data from diverse sources.  Users are able to visualize water temperature, salinity, and other station-based measurements along with overlays of satellite measurements of Sea Surface Temperature (SST) and radar measurements of currents.  Users  are also able to compare time series of measurements from various stations and sources.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of June 2008.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Gouania hillebrandii occur on the Island of Maui.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Lo`ulu (Pritchardia remota) known historically from the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands occur as described in the Federal Register documentation.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2006-2010. Data available for small geographies. Census tract and block group data are available in another dataset.
The  National Weather  Service (NWS)  Pacific Tsunami Warning Center uses regularly updated RSS feed to disseminate tsunami information statements for the Indian Ocean.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Rio Grande silvery minnow (Hybognathus amarus) occur. The geographic extent includes Bernalillo, Sandoval, Socorro and Valencia Counties in New Mexico.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The SNOTEL data retrieval tools provides an interactive process to identify and retrieve data from individual SNOTEL sites. The user does not need to know the ID for the site but must know either it's general location or the name of the site
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the yellow larkspur (Delphinium luteum) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Greene's tuctoria is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
These reports contain monthly yield and production forecasts for a number of crops (corn, soybeans, cotton, peanuts...) throughout the growing season.

The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Program for International Student Assessment (PISA) was created by the OECD member countries in 1997 to produce direct assessments of student performance, on a regular basis in an efficient, timely and cost-effective manner; and to provide more relevant and powerful indicators of human capital. PISA produces assessments of reading literacy, mathematical literacy, scientific literacy and a growing range of cross-curricular competencies among 15-year-olds in school. The dataset contains the anonymised records from the nearly 400,000 students in 57 countries who were sampled and took the PISA assessments. The records include background information about the students as well as their motivations and learning styles. Background information on the schools attended by the students including school level policies and practices is included in the dataset.
The Defense Technical Information Center (DTIC) maintains a Corporate Source Authority System (CSAS) which lists all organizations that have contributed information to any of DTIC's three major databases. The DTIC Corporate Source database is a collection of Corporate Authors.  Corporate Authors are the organizations and agencies responsible for reports received by DTIC.  Each record displays the standardized form of the organization's name, the organization's parent and suborganizations, and the organization's Source Code.  A Source Code is a unique numeric designation assigned by DTIC to each organization in the database.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2001
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 1998.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Contains 1994 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2001.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
A global science gateway connecting to scientific databases and portals from over seventy-five countries and international organizations . WorldWideScience.org was developed on behalf of the WorldWideScience Alliance and is maintained by the DOE Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI).  The WorldWideScience Alliance, a multilateral partnership, consists of participating member countries and provides the governance structure for WorldWideScience.org.  WorldWideScience Alliance Members:  Canada Institute for Scientific and Technical Information (CISTI) - Canada Institute of Scientific and Technical Information of China (ISTIC) - China VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland (VTT) - Finland Institut de l'Information Scientifique et Technique (INIST) - France International Network for the Availability of Scientific Publications (INASP) International Nuclear Information System (INIS) Health Service Executive (HSE) - Ireland German National Library of Science and Technology (TIB) - Germany Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) - Japan Korea Institute of Science and Technology Information (KISTI) - Korea Scientific Electronic Library Online (SciELO) - Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Cuba, Mexico, Portugal, Spain, Venezuela Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) - South Africa British Library - United Kingdom Science.gov Alliance - United States African Journals Online (AJOL) - Representing 24 African Countries International Council for Scientific and Technical Information (ICSTI)
This census is the fifth enumeration of state adult correctional institutions and the second of federal institutions sponsored by the Bureau of Justice Statistics and conducted by the Bureau of the Census. Earlier censuses were completed in 1974 (ICPSR 7811), 1979 (ICPSR 7852), 1984 (ICPSR 8444), and 1990 (ICPSR 9908). Unlike the previous censuses, all respondents in 1995 were sent the same survey form. For each facility, information was provided on physical security, age, functions, capacity, court orders for specific conditions, one-day counts and average populations, race/ethnicity of inmates, inmate work assignments, inmate deaths, special inmate counts, assaults, and incidents caused by inmates. The institution is the unit of analysis.
Contains recorded maintenance fee events for patents granted from September 1, 1981 - Present. Each new weekly file is cumulative. The file format is ASCII. This product includes a MaintFeeEvents.zip file for each week (cumulative). Within each weekly zip file is: MaintFeeEvents_yyyymmdd.txt  where "yyyymmdd" is a Monday. Approximately 70 MB.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Arkansas River Shiner (Notropis girardi) occur. The geographic extent includes New Mexico, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's 2006 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2006. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Ins" and "New Hires") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2008.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Accessions Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Accession, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
This Historical North Atlantic and Eastern North Pacific Tropical Cyclone Tracks file contains the 6-hourly (0000, 0600, 1200, 1800 UTC) center locations and intensities for all subtropical depressions and storms, extratropical storms, tropical lows, waves, disturbances, depressions and storms, and all hurricanes, from 1851 through 2009. These data are intended for geographic display and analysis at the national level, and for large regional areas. The data should be displayed and analyzed at scales appropriate for 1:2,000,000-scale data. No responsibility is assumed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in the use of these data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Includes data on number of farms, U.S. and state acreage, yield, production, prices, and crop value; per capita consumption; U.S. trade; U.S. grades, varieties, planting and harvesting dates; world area, production, and trade; and more.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where critical habitat for Braunton's milk-vetch (Astragalus brauntonii) occurs.  Critical habitat for the species consists of approximately 3,300 acres among six units distributed in three general areas: eastern Ventura County, east-central Los Angeles County, and northeastern Orange County, California.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Blackburn's Sphinx Moth (Manduca blackburni) occur on the island of Hawaii.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Series that provides national economic data for Manufacturing, Mining, Trade, and Selected Service Corporations. The QFR data are widely used by government agencies, domestic and foreign businesses, financial analysts, researchers, trade associations, and banking institutions. Uses include assessing industrial debt structure, liquidity, and profitability; estimating corporate tax liability; designing economic policies and drafting legislation; making investment evaluations; and studying economic trends.
This page allows the public to access the latest quarterly and annual disclosure data in easily accessible formats for the purpose of performing in-depth longitudinal research and analysis. OFLC case disclosure data are available for download on a Federal Fiscal Year cycle covering the October 1 through September 30 period in Microsoft Access (mdb) file format. Select data fields for each case record are extracted from foreign labor certification application tables within OFLC case management systems based on the most recent date a determination decision was issued. Each data set is cumulative, containing unique records identified by the applicable OFLC case number, and any noticeable typographical or other data anomalies may be due to internal data entry or other external customer errors in completing the application form.   Important Notice: Employer-specific case information that appears on FLCDataCenter.com was provided to ETA by employers who submitted foreign labor certification applications. These are not employer responses to the Bureau of Labor Statistics' Occupational Employment Statistics (BLS-OES) survey. The BLS-OES program provides estimates used to assist in setting the wage levels in the FLC wage library. However, the BLS does not provide ETA with the wage rates reported to BLS by individual businesses. The identity of respondents and the information that they report to BLS is kept in strict confidence in accordance with BLS Data Integrity Guidelines and with the Confidentiality Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act (CIPSEA) of 2002.  Latest Quarterly Updates Beginning October 1, 2010 (FY 2011), OFLC is posting cumulative quarterly case disclosure data covering the permanent and temporary labor certification programs as well as the new prevailing wage program. The following case disclosure files cover determination decisions issued between October 1 and December 31, 2010. A small percentage of determination decisions are subject to change in subsequent quarterly releases due to appeal or redetermination decisions on employer applications.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) Frequently Requested Fields data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for FY 2007
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Provides current estimates of sales at retail and food services stores and inventories held by retail stores throughout the United States.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2005.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
This API returns a search for the demographic information for the whole nation.
The CWC is a complete list of Washington DC's commemorative works on federal land. Each record includes a work's title, location, a short description of its purpose, the landholding agency, the sponsor, the year of authorization, the year of dedication, the authorizing law, and the major themes represented in the work.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2007.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Orange-nacre Mucket (Lampsilis perovalis) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training. Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices. nnIAWG South Asia Regional Reports statistical reports that will be included in our dataset follow:nnParticipants by Employment TypenParticipants by Field of ActivitynInventory of Participants by CountrynParticipants by Federal Sponsor
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news, including release of reports from the National Center for Education Research (NCER), Institute of Education Sciences (IES) from the U.S. Department of Education (ED).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2007.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
U.S. Commercial Nuclear Power Reactors Permanently Shut Down - Fomerly Licensed to Operate Demographics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This widget allows users to find selected science information provided by 12 U.S. Government agencies. The Science.gov interagency portal contains over 45 databases and 2,000 selected websites, offering 200 million pages of authoritative U.S. government science information, including research and development results. Science.gov is governed by the Science.gov Alliance of federal agencies and is supported by CENDI.  Science.gov Alliance Participants:  Department of Agriculture, National Agricultural Library, United States Forest Service, Department of Commerce, National Institute of Standards and Technology, National Technical Information Service, Department of Defense, Defense Technical Information Center, Department of Energy, Office of Scientific and Technical Information, Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, National Institutes of Health, National Library of Medicine, Department of Interior, United States Geological Survey, Department of Transportation, National Transportation Library, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Environmental Information, Office of Research and Development, Library of Congress, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Scientific and Technical Information Program, National Archives and Records Administration, National Science Foundation.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election cycle. The corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of Election Assistance Commission's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
U.S. Nuclear Plant Licensee Event Reports allows you to search for licensee event reports (LERs) based on a variety of criteria, including name, dates, plant characteristics, event characteristics, and abstract or document keywords.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
An XML file containing FY 2001 through FY 2011NSF Average Dwell Time by NSF and Directorate.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Outs" and "Separations from the Federal Service") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2008.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Separations Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Separation, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The litigation releases concerning civil lawsuits brought by the SEC in federal court in 2010.
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive notification of podcasts on Information for Federal Aid Professionals (IFAP) related to Federal Student Aid from the U.S. Department of Education (ED).
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2009 through 12/31/2009
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2006.
The SCAN data retrieval tools provides an interactive process to identify and retrieve data from individual SCAN sites. The user does not need to know the ID for the site but must know either it's general location or the name of the site
FY 2011 VA Education Recipients by training type  and VA Education Benefit Program (Through July FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the July FY11). Training type statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one training type, therefore the total within this table may be different than the total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
This data layer depicts the Special Designations that have been placed upon the lands and waters administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) in North America, U.S. Trust Territories and Possessions.  These special areas, such as wilderness, are primarily designated by the U.S. Congress.  The primary source for this information is the USFWS Realty program.The intended application of this data layer is as a cadastral framework for use with other data layers in GIS and mapping applications. It is specifically not intended to be used as a land survey or representation of land for conveyance or tax purposes.The SpecialDesignation feature class is an aggregated data layer derived by appending separate regional feature data sets into a single national set. The spatial and positional accuracy of this information will vary depending on the original source data and methods utilized. Data sources are not listed in this document but are maintained for each region and can be requested. We strive to improve the accuracy of this data and incorporate more reliable information when available.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 1999.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
EPA's Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance (OECA)  cases and settlements webpage contains links to selected settlements resolving civil enforcement cases and, in some cases, complaints filed initiating civil judicial and administrative enforcement actions.  Typically, the links are to settlements about which we have issued a press release.  This is not a complete repository of all enforcement actions taken by or on behalf of EPA.  Rather, it represents a subset of enforcement cases, taken civil judicially or administratively, which may be of national interest.  Most of the settlements are civil judicial consent decrees resolving alleged violations of environmental laws (e.g., the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act).  In some instances, the website includes significant enforcement actions resolved by the Environmental Appeals Board (EAB).   In addition, please note that the cases and settlements webpage does not include:  *  Most administrative enforcement actions;  *  Most civil judicial cases resolving liability under CERCLA;  *  Criminal enforcement matters.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Conservation Reserve Program Contract Scheduled Enrollment  (acreage under contract at the end of period) by fiscal year and County for 1986 to 2008.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2001.
These data files contain the total number of Actual Registrations for who turned 23 (men born in the year 1985) during the Calendar Year 2008.n
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate North Atlantic, Caribbean Sea, and Gulf of Mexcio  tropical cyclone and marine forecasts.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has collected and reported data on the generation and disposal of waste in the United States for more than 30 years. We use this information to measure the success of waste reduction and recycling programs across the country. Our trash, or municipal solid waste (MSW), is made up of the things we commonly use and then throw away. These materials include items such as packaging, food scraps, grass clippings, sofas, computers, tires, and refrigerators. MSW does not include industrial, hazard­ous, or construction waste. 

The data on Materials Discarded in the Municipal Waste Stream, 1960 to 2009, provides estimated data in thousands of tons discarded after recycling and compost recovery for the years 1960, 1970, 1980, 1990, 2000, 2005, 2007, 2008, and 2009.  In this data set, discards include combustion with energy recovery. This data table does not include construction & demolition debris, industrial process wastes, or certain other wastes. The "Other" category includes electrolytes in batteries and fluff pulp, feces, and urine in disposable diapers. Details may not add to totals due to rounding.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat occurs for 41 listed plant species known historically from the island of Molokai. A total of approximately 9,843 hectares (24,333 acres) of land on Molokai fall within the boundaries of the 88 critical habitat units designated for these 41 species. Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Robber Baron Cave meshweaver (Cicurina baronia) occur. The geographic extent includes Bexar County, TX. This is one of seven invertebrate species addressed in the April 8, 2003 Federal Register document entitled: Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Seven Bexar County, TX, Invertebrate Species; Final Rule (68 FR 17155 17231).     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Ovate Clubshell (Pleurobema perovatum) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The purpose of this study data is to provide a metric with which to assess the effectiveness of improvements to the U.S. NRC's fire protection regulations in support of Task #5, "Assess Regulatory Effectiveness" of SECY-08-0171 "Plan for Stabilizing Fire Protection Regulatory Infrastructure." The staff trended the number of plant fire protection inspection findings identified in the past nine years that are classified in the Reactor Oversight Process (ROP) as Green or Greater than Green (White/Yellow/Red), normalized by the number of operating reactors inspected.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Carter's Panicgrass (Panicum fauriei var. carteri) occur the based on the description provided in the Federal Register documentation.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
U.S. and state data on acreage, yield, production, price, and value for cantaloup. Additional statistics include supply and disappearance, per capita use, shipments, arrivals, U.S. exports and imports by country, usual planting and harvesting dates, agricultural chemical use, world production, area, and trade, and more.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training. Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices. nnIAWG Western Hemisphere Affairs Reports statistical reports that will be included in our dataset follow:nnParticipants by Employment TypenParticipants by Field of ActivitynInventory of Participants by CountrynParticipants by Federal Sponsor
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate Northeast Pacific  High Seas Forecasts.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USDA Pesticide Data Program (PDP) database provides national data on pesticide residues in food and water, with an emphasis on foods consumed by infants and children.  PDP data are used primarily by EPA to prepare realistic pesticide dietary exposures for pesticide registration activities.  Data for each calendar-year survey are stored in a separate dataset.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
American FactFinder is the Census Bureau's online, self-service tool designed to search a  variety of population, economic, geographic and housing information.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), a vernal pool plant, occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Contra Costa goldfields is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), succulent owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
These data files contain the total number of Actual Registrations for who turned 24 (men born in the year 1984) during the Calendar Year 2008.n
This is a monthly dataset of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) requests received and processed by the US Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) during the month.  Each record in the dataset is associated with a FOIA request.  It includes the case control number, requester name, document scanned date, and request subject.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2004.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Southern Clubshell (Pleurobema decisum) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate Gulf of Mexico  Forecasts.
These data files contain the total number of Actual Registrations for those who turned 19 (men born in the year 1989) during the Calendar Year 2008.
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Fine lined pocketbook (Lampsilis altilis) based on the description provided in the Federal Register. Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.

The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The requirements of the laws enforced by the Wage and Hour Division (WHD) are set by statutes and regulations. WHD opinion letters explain these requirements and how they apply to particular circumstances. Opinion letters constitute WHD's interpretation of the requirements discussed in the context of a specific factual situation.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Contra Costa wallflower (Erysimum capitatum var. angustatum) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Southern Acornshell (Epioblasma othcaloogensis) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training. Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices. nnIAWG Sub-Sarahan Africa  Regional Reports statistical reports that will be included in our dataset follow:nnParticipants by Employment TypenParticipants by Field of ActivitynInventory of Participants by CountrynParticipants by Federal Sponsor
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2008 through 12/31/2008
This data collection contains data from censuses of publicly funded crime laboratories in 2002 and 2005. The data were collected to examine change and stability in the operations of crime laboratories serving federal, state, and local jurisdictions. The Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS) first surveyed forensic crime laboratories in 1998, focusing solely on agencies that performed DNA analysis. The National Institute of Justice (NIJ) funded the 1998 study as part of its DNA Laboratory Improvement Program. The BJS' National Study of DNA Laboratories was repeated in 2001. An expanded version of the data collection, called the Census of Publicly Funded Forensic Crime Laboratories, was first conducted among all forensic crime laboratories in 2002. Data were collected from 2003 to 2004 on the organization, functions, budget, staffing, workload, and performance expectations of the nation's forensic crime laboratories operating in 2002. A total of 306 of the 351 crime laboratories operating in 2002 responded to the census. The latest census obtained data from 351 of the 389 laboratories operating in 2005, including at least 1 laboratory from every state. The nation's publicly funded forensic crime laboratories performed a variety of forensic services in 2005, including DNA testing and controlled substance identification for federal, state, and local jurisdictions. The 2005 Census of Publicly Funded Forensic Crime Laboratories obtained detailed information on the types of forensic requests received by these laboratories and the resources needed to complete them. The census also collected data on crime laboratory budgets, personnel, accreditations, and backlogged cases. The study was conducted by the Sam Houston State University. Data in both files were reformatted for best fit.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2005 through 12/31/2005
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2000.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Kokia drynarioides (koki'o) occur based on the based on the description provided in the Federal Register documentation.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The crosswalk file is designed to provide geographic and other identification information for each record included in either the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program files or in the Bureau of Justice Statistics' Census of State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies (CSLLEA). The main variables each record contains are the alpha state code, county name, place name, government agency name and type, police agency name, government identification number, Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) state, county, and place codes, and Originating Agency Identifier (ORI) code. These variables allow a researcher to take agency-level data, combine it with Bureau of the Census and BJS data, and perform place-level and government-level analyses.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Northern Spotted Owl (Strix occidentalis caurina) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Monthly data on deliveries of fossil fuels to nonutility generating facilities.
Monthly data on U.S. petroleum refinery utilization and capacity back to 1985.
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election cycle. The corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of Election Assistance Commission's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2002.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where critical habitat for tidewater goby (Eucyclogobius newberryi) occurs.  Critical habitat for the species consists of approximately 10,000 acres among 44 units distributed along the coast from Los Angeles County northward to Del Norte County, California.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Contaminants at Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System (CERCLIS) ("Superfund") Sites - The CERCLIS Public Access Database contains a selected set of non-enforcement confidential information and is updated by the regions every 90 days. The data describes what has happened at Superfund sites prior to this quarter (updated quarterly). This database includes lists of involved parties (other Federal Agencies, states, and tribes), Human Exposure and Ground Water Migration, and Site Wide Ready for Reuse, Construction Completion, and Final Assessment Decision (GPRA-like measures) for fund lead sites. Other information that is included has been included only as a service to allow public evaluations utilizing this data. EPA does not have specific Data Quality Objectives for use of the data. Independent Quality Assessments may be made of this data by reviewing the Quality Assurance Action Plan (QAPP ).
The NOAA Coastal Services Center (CSC) and the DOI Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement (BOEM), in cooperation with federal and state partners, have created a GIS-based marine information system for U.S. waters.  The Multipurpose Marine Cadastre (MMC) data viewer is an integrated marine information system that provides legal, physical, ecological, and cultural information in a common geographic information system (GIS) framework. In particular, the MMC would be beneficial to those involved in coastal and marine spatial planning efforts that involve finding the best location for renewable energy projects. Users pick the ocean geography of their choosing and quickly see the applicable jurisdictional boundaries, restricted areas, laws, critical habitat locations, and other important features. With the MMC, potential conflicts can be identified and avoided early in the planning process. The MMC is also a helpful tool in the permit review process. All organizations considering an offshore activity can benefit from this comprehensive, visual approach to data analysis.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Information about Federal Home Loan Bank members as of June 30, 2010.
This dataset shows monthly market pricing data for 19 staple cereals from January 2000- July 2011 for Djibouti, Kenya, Ethiopia and Somalia.
NOAA CoastWatch was established in 1987 in response to two significant environmental events. A Harmful Algal Bloom (HAB) event occurred off the coast of North Carolina transporting the toxic Gymnodinium breve cells from Florida via the Gulf Stream into the colder coastal waters near Cape Lookout. Also, a severe mammal die-off occurred, where more than 700 bottlenose dolphins died off the mid-Atlantic coast. Both instances prompted Federal and State officials to explore additional data sources for monitoring the coastal waters, such as near real-time satellite data.  CoastWatch has expanded from POES/AVHRR SST data for the East Coast to providing a variety of environmental data (i.e. SST, ocean color, winds, etc.) from several different satellite platforms covering all U.S. coastal waters, including Hawaii and Alaska. Today, sea surface temperature maps support meteorological weather predictions and also support commercial and recreational activities (e.g., fishing). Biologists utilize ocean color radiometry data and derived chlorophyll-a and total suspended matter/turbidity products to identify runoff plumes and blooms and also predict HABs; and sailors and commercial shipping pilots use ocean surface vector winds for safe navigation.
As the official handbook of the Federal Government, the United States Government Manual provides comprehensive information on the agencies of the legislative, judicial, and executive branches. It also includes information on quasi-official agencies; international organizations in which the United States participates; and boards, commissions, and committees. The Manual begins with reprints of the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution. A typical agency description includes a list of officials heading major operating units, a summary statement of the agency's purpose and role in the Federal Government, a brief history of the agency, including its legislative or executive authority, and a description of its programs and activities, and information, addresses, and phone numbers to help users locate detailed information on consumer activities, contracts and grants, employment, publications, and other matters of public interest.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2009 through 12/31/2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset contains data about military and overseas voting for the 2008 election cycle. The dataset and corresponding report address ballot transmissions to, and ballot submissions from uniformed and overseas citizen voters (UOCAVA). The data and corresponding report entitled Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act: Survey Findings are part of the EAC's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for vernal pool tadpole shrimp (vernal pool crustacean) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.     Supplemental_Information: Vernal pool tadpole shrimp is one of the 15 vernal pool species:  Butte County meadowfoam (Limnanthes floccosa ssp. californica), Colusa grass (Neostapfia colusana), Conservancy fairy shrimp (Branchinecta conservatio), Contra Costa goldfields (Lasthenia conjugens), Greene's tuctoria (Tuctoria greenei), hairy orcutt grass (Orcuttia pilosa), Hoover's spurge (Chamaesyce hooveri), longhorn fairy shrimp (Branchinecta longiantenna), Sacramento Orcutt grass (Orcuttia viscida), San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass (Orcuttia inaequalis), slender Orcutt grass (Orcuttia tenuis), Solano grass (Tuctoria mucronata), Fleshy owl's-clover (Castilleja campestris ssp. succulenta), vernal pool fairy shrimp (Branchinecta lynchi), and vernal pool tadpole shrimp (Lepidurus packardi).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset contains records from NCPC's Central Files Information System (CFIS). CFIS is a comprehensive database of projects submitted to NCPC for design review by federal and local agencies. The databse also contains records pertaining to NCPC's own planning initiatives.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Final Decisions of the Benefits Review Board on appeals of worker's compensation claims arising under the Longshore and Harbor Worker's Compensation Act and the Black Lung Benefits amendments to the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969
British Petroleum (BP) provided data file from its Well-test data from the off-shore British Petroleum leaking well
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of December 2007.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2005 through 12/31/2005
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Wenatchee Mountains checker-mallow (Sidalcea oregana var. calva) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
BPP data regarding existing building conditions; current and new conditions; and research, recommended building treatments to help prioritize and direct repair and alteration projects of all sizes relative to historic GSA-owned properties.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's 2005 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2005. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
These data files contain the total number of Actual Registrations for who turned 22 (men born in the year 1986) during the Calendar Year 2008.n
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The datasets provides the operational costs associated with the ownership and operation of a set of Army ground vehicles (people and equipment movers), portable water treatment, and power generation sets.  Viewers of this datasets can understand the "cost of ownership" and cost of using military equipment-both with and without support personnel.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/1999 through 12/31/1999
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Outs" and "Separations from the Federal Service") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2007.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Separations Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Separation, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Humpback chub (Gila cypha) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Coconino County, Arizona ; Moffat and Mesa Counties, Colorado ; Garfield, Grand, San Juan and Uintah Counties, Utah.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The litigation releases concerning civil lawsuits brought by the SEC in federal court in 2009.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate Southeast Pacific  High Seas Forecasts.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The  National Weather  Service (NWS)  Storm Prediction Center uses RSS feeds to disseminate severe weather outlooks and watches, mesoscale discussion, and status reports.   These RSS feeds are regularly updated and include the following :  tornado/severe thunderstorm watches; mesoscale discussions; convective outlooks;  and fire weather outlooks.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Amaranthus brownii known historically from the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands occur as described in the Federal Register documentation.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
This data collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, adult or juvenile status, reason being held, and cause of death.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/1999 through 12/31/1999
Under the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq., and its implementing regulations at 31 C.F.R. Chapter X (formerly 31 C.F.R. Part 103), FinCEN may bring an enforcement action for violations of the reporting, recordkeeping, or other requirements of the BSA. FinCEN's Office of Enforcement evaluates enforcement matters that may result in a variety of remedies, including the assessment of civil money penalties. For example, civil money penalties may be assessed for recordkeeping violations under 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§1010.415 (formerly 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§103.29), or for reporting violations for failing to file a currency transaction report (CTR) in violation of 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§1010.311 (formerly 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§103.22), a suspicious activity report (SAR) in violation of 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§ 1021.320 (formerly 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§103.21), or a report of foreign bank and financial accounts (FBAR) in violation of 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§1010.350 (formerly 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§103.24). FinCEN also takes enforcement actions against money services businesses (MSBs) for failure to register with FinCEN in violation of 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§1022.380 (formerly 31 C.F.R. ''''''''''§103.41).
These data files contain the total number of Actual Registrations for those who turned 21 (men born in the year 1987) during the Calendar Year 2008.
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Southern Clubshell (Pleurobema decisum) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2008 through 12/31/2008
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The  National Weather  Service (NWS)  Automated Flood Warning Systems uses  RSS feeds to disseminate for observed precipitation, river, and alert conditions.  These RSS feeds  are regularly updated and include the following:  observed precipitation values;  observed river stage values;  precipitation "alert" conditions based on local action settings; and river "alert" conditions based on local action settings.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Resource Center is an informational website available to the general public which provides information on property disposal guidelines and policies.
Contains 1990 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Newcomb's snail (Erinna newcombi) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Dry Spent Fuel Storage Licensees Demographics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2000 through 12/31/2000
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2003.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Schiedea verticillata known historically from the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands occur as described in the Federal Register documentation.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Aggregate retirement data of annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employees and survivor annuitants. Geographic distribution by state and territory.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The  National Weather  Service (NWS)  Pacific Tsunami Warning Center uses regularly updated RSS feed to disseminate tsunami information statements for the Caribbean Sea.
Tribes Physically Located withing fifty miles of a Nuclear Power Plant - Tribal Land Demographics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Huachuca water umbel (Lilaeopsis schaffneriana var. recurva) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Cochise and Santa Cruz Counties, Arizona.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
These data files contain the total number of Actual Registrations for those who turned 20 (men born in the year 1988) during the Calendar Year 2008.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset contains Decisions and Orders originating from EPA's Office of Administrative Law Judges (OALJ), which is an independent office in the Office of the Administrator of the EPA. The Administrative Law Judges conduct hearings and render decisions in proceedings between the EPA and persons, businesses, government entities, and other organizations which are or are alleged to be regulated under environmental laws. Administrative Law Judges preside in enforcement and permit proceedings in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act. Most enforcement actions initiated by the EPA are for the assessment of civil penalties.  The Decisions and Orders are organized into three categories: (1) alphabetical listing by the respondent involved, (2) reverse chronological listing by date, and (3) Decisions and Orders under FIFRA Section 6. This dataset includes Decisions and Orders dating back to 1989 in the Reverse Chronological list, Decisions and Orders dating back to 1997 in the Alphabetical list, and a few Decisions and Orders dating back to 1974 under FIFRA Section 6.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2004 through 12/31/2004
World Trade Organization (WTO) member countries are required to submit documents that detail their expenditures on domestic government support to their agriculture sectors-under the WTO Agreement on Agriculture, countries agreed to reduce domestic policies considered to be trade-distorting. This database contains statistics on domestic support notifications submitted to the WTO. The notifications, submitted annually, include the aggregate measurement of support (AMS), an index of the monetary value of a country's support to its agriculture sector-both commodity-specific and non-commodity-specific support policies.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Field Measurements describe activity and exposure rate.  They have been collected by a variety of agencies from both fixed detector locations as well as by mobile field teams.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Outs" and "Separations from the Federal Service") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2005.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Separations Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Separation, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The  National Weather  Service (NWS)  Pacific Tsunami Warning Center uses regularly updated RSS feed to disseminate tsunami information statements for the Pacific Ocean.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The purpose of this study data is to provide a metric with which to assess the effectiveness of improvements to the U.S. NRC's fire protection regulations in support of Task #5, "Assess Regulatory Effectiveness" of SECY-08-0171 "Plan for Stabilizing Fire Protection Regulatory Infrastructure." The staff trended the number of significant plant fires that occurred in the past ten years that met the 10 CFR 50.72/73 reporting threshold normalized by the number of operating reactors (Fire Events).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This list was prepared to help firms handling chemicals determine whether they need to submit reports under sections 302, 304, or 313 of the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986 (EPCRA) and, for a specific chemical, what reports may need to be submitted. It will also help firms determine whether they will be subject to accident prevention regulations under Clean Air Act (CAA) section 112(r).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Outs" and "Separations from the Federal Service") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2006.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Separations Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Separation, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2004 through 12/31/2004
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat for the Blackburn's Sphinx Moth (Manduca blackburni) occur on the island of Maui.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset presents information regarding the documents regarding Waste Incidental to Reprocessing.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The primary purpose of the survey is to make available to the public an annual state-level collection of revenues and expenditures for public education of grades pre-kindergarten through 12.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Leon springs pupfish (Cyprinodon bovinus) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Pecos County, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Online portal for U.S. Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency exporters that includes market research, upcoming trade events, and a comprehensive guide on export promotion programs
This collection provides annual data on jail populations across the nation and examines the "spillover" effect on local jails resulting from the dramatic growth in federal and state prison populations. These data permit an assessment of the demands placed on correctional resources and provide a comprehensive picture of the adult correctional system and changes that occur within the system. Information is available on the number of inmates by sex, race, and adult or juvenile status. Facility characteristics were collected regarding capacity and average daily population.
The Buildings Energy Program Data Book includes statistics on residential and commercial building energy consumption. Data tables contain statistics related to construction, building technologies, energy consumption, and building characteristics.The Building Technologies Program within the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy developed this resource to provide a current and accurate set of comprehensive buildings- and energy-related data. The Data Book is an evolving document and is updated periodically.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This tool provides the capability to search Small Business Programs via (1) Find by Location,(2) Find by Industry/Interest, (3) Find by Type of Program/Service, or (4) Query by qualification
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Razorback sucker (Xyrauchen texanus) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Hays County, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2007 through 12/31/2007
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Peck's Cave amphipod (Stygobromus pecki) occur. The geographic extent includes Comal County, Tx.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The OnTheMap application provides detailed spatial distributions of workers' employment and residential locations and the relation between the two at the Census Block level. OnTheMap also provides characteristic detail on age, earnings, industry distributions, and local workforce indicators.
GSA e-Buy, is an electronic Request for Quote (RFQ) / Request for Proposal (RFP) system designed to allow government buyers to request information, find sources, and prepare RFQs/RFPs, online, for millions of services and products offered through GSA's Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) and GSA Technology Contracts. Government buyers can use eBuy to obtain quotes or proposals for services, large quantity purchases, big ticket items, and purchases with complex requirements. Buyers may use e-Buy to evaluate and accept the quotation that represents the best value. Buyers may then make award to any contractor whose quotation was accepted. The e-Buy Award dataset are the award data collected by e-Buy for a given fiscal year.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training. Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices. nnIAWG Region Unattributable Reports statistical reports that will be included in our dataset follow:nnParticipants by Employment TypenParticipants by Field of ActivitynInventory of Participants by CountrynParticipants by Federal Sponsor
This report details the amount of currency that the Bureau of Engraving and Printing produces in one year.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2006 through 12/31/2006
The Coastal Change Analysis Program (C-CAP) is developing a nationally standardized database on land cover and habitat change in the coastal regions of the United States. C-CAP inventories wetland habitats and adjacent uplands and monitors changes in these habitats on a 1 to 5 year cycle. The monitoring cycle will vary according to the rate and magnitude of change in each geographic region. Satellite imagery (primarily Landsat Thematic Mapper), aerial photography, and field data are interpreted, classified, analyzed, and integrated with other digital data in a geographic information system (GIS). The resulting land cover change databases are disseminated in digital form for use by anyone wishing to conduct geographic analysis in the completed regions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Ins" and "New Hires") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2006.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Accessions Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Accession, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2003 through 12/31/2003
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2003 through 12/31/2003
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: These data identify, in general, the areas where final critical habitat occurs for listed plant species known historically from the island of Niihau.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. It does not afford any special protection or restriction other than where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This is a monthly dataset of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) requests received and processed by the US Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) during the month. Each record in the dataset is associated with a FOIA request. It includes the case control number, requester name, document scanned date, and request subject.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Navajo sedge (Carex specuicola) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Coconino County, Arizona.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Internal Revenue Collections, by Type of Tax - Individual, Business, Estate and Gift, Excise, by State
Contains 2007 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
A list of Performance Indicators (PI) that are reported to the NRC by licensees at the end of each quarter in accordance with Inspection Manual Chapters (IMC) 0608, "Performance Indicator Program," and the latest PI reporting guidance, NEI 99-02, Rev 6, "Regulatory Assessment Performance Indicator Guideline."
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Executive orders are official documents, numbered consecutively, through which the President of the United States manages the operations of the Federal Government. The text of Executive orders appears in the daily Federal Register as each Executive order is signed by the President and received by the Office of the Federal Register. The text of Executive orders beginning with Executive Order 7316 of March 13, 1936, also appears in the sequential editions of Title 3 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR).
To ensure an accurate sampling frame for its Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) survey, the Bureau of Justice Statistics periodically sponsors a census of the nation's state and local law enforcement agencies. This census, also known as the Directory, gathers data on 49 primary state law enforcement agencies and all sheriffs' departments, local police departments, and special police agencies (state or local) that are publicly funded and employ at least one sworn officer with general arrest powers. The 1996 census collected data on the number of sworn and nonsworn personnel employed by each agency, including both full-time and part-time employees. Within the full-time sworn category, data were collected from all agencies on the number who were uniformed officers with regularly assigned duties that included responding to calls for service. For agencies with at least 10 full-time sworn officers, the number whose primary duties were related to investigations, court operations, or jail operations was also obtained. This data collection, compiled in June 1996, represents the third such census, with the first occurring in 1986.  Variables include personnel totals, type of government, and type of agency.
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2006 through 12/31/2006
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2005. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains both (front file and backfile) patent assignment text (no drawings/images) derived from patent assignment recordations made at the USPTO for granted patents from August 1980 - Present. The file format is eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the Patent Assignment Daily XML (PADX) Version 2.0 Document Type Definition (DTD). The backfile contains (August 1980 - December 2010) and includes (9) individual zipfiles (ad20101231-01.zip - ad20101231-09.zip)  960,650,976 bytes (compressed). The front file contains (January 2011 - Present) and includes an adyyyymmdd.zip file for each day. Within each daily zipfile are: adyyyymmdd.xml  Approximately 5 MB per daily zipfile.
Summarizes the financial activities of the federal government and off-budget federal entities in accordance with the Budget of the U.S. Government.  Presents a summary of: receipts and outlays,   surplus or deficit,  and means of financing on a modified cash basis. Data provided by federal entities, disbursing officers, and Federal Reserve Banks.
British Petroleum (BP) provided data file from its Oil &  Gas Recovery efforts at its off-shore leaking well. This file describes the components within the BOP and the pressure readings taken during diagnostic operations on May 25.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2007 through 12/31/2007
Offers display/download of Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences (BPAI) Precendential Opinions (PDF); offers display/download of BPAI Informative Opinions (PDF sorted most recent and alphabetically); and also offers search, display, and download of Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences (BPAI) Final Decisions. Search requires one or a combination of the following: application number; patent number; appeal number; interference number; publication number; inventor name; decision date; issue date; publication date; start date; end date; search document text (free form); records per page (60 default; 15; 30; 45; or all). Additionally, there is a button to retrieve all BPAI decisions. Format is PDF. Unavailable during daily database backups from 01:00 - 05:00 AM U.S. Eastern Time.
This tool provides a statistical overview and tables outlining the export activities of U.S. small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), which are defined as firms that have fewer than 500 employees. All figures in this overview and tables include only identifiable or "known" exports, i.e., exports that can be linked to individual companies using information on U.S. export declarations.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This State-level data about school-aged children with disabilities (ages 3-21), served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part B, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about special education and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
This dataset is a national census of state library agencies.  A state library agency is the official agency of a state that is charged by state law with the extension and development of public library services throughout the state and that has adequate authority under state law to administer state plans in accordance with the provisions of the Library Services and Technology Act (LSTA).  Beyond these two roles, state library agencies vary greatly.  This dataset provides information on the range of roles played by state library agencies and the various combinations of fiscal, human, and informational resources invested in such work.
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Southern Pigtoe (Pleurobema georgianum) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Basic information on the U.S. population from Census 2000. It includes data on people's age, sex, and race, their family and household groups, and whether their home is owned or rented. There are 286 Detailed Tables available in the SF 1 data product, many available for the nine major race groups. Data are published to the census block level or the census tract level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
2007 Veteran life insurance expenditures by state and county.  Expenditures were derived from Insurance Actuarial reports that used the total Insurance program cash disbursed.  The total cash disbursed was prorated by in-force data by state, which was further prorated by county and congressional district.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2001 through 12/31/2001
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Ins" and "New Hires") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2007.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Accessions Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Accession, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where     Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where the final critical habitat for Zapata bladderpod (Lesquerella thamnophila) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Starr County, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
U.S. Official Development Assistance, Other Official Flows  and Private Flows to developing countries for calendar year 2009. This is the official U.S. government submission of the CRS++ table to the OECD/DAC.
An integrated collection of the indicators and analyses published in The Condition of Education 2000-2010. Some indicators may have been updated since they appeared in print.  Tables presented in each special analysis are available for download.  This Congressionally mandated annual report summarizes developments and trends in education using the latest available data. The report presents indicators on the status and condition of education. The indicators represent a consensus of professional judgment on significant national measures of the condition and progress of education. The report includes indicators in five main areas: (1) participation in education; (2) learner outcomes; (3) student effort and educational progress; (4) the contexts of elementary and secondary education; and (5) the contexts of postsecondary education.
This is the Federal Acquisition Institute's (FAI's) annual demographic report on the Federal acquisition workforce, showing trends by occupational series, employment grade and educational level, as well as turnover and hiring data for fiscal year (FY) 2009.
ACECS are areas within the public lands where special management attention is required to protect and prevent irreparable damage to important historic, cultural, or scenic values, fish and wildlife resources or other natural systems or processes, or to protect life and safety from natural hazards. (FLPMA Section 103 (43 US Code 1702[a]) and 43 Code of Federal Regulations 1601.0-5(a))  ACECs are designated through the BLM's Land Use Planning Process.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: o provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Leatherback Sea Turtle (Dermochelys coriacea) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes the waters adjacent to Sandy Point, St. Croix, US Virgin Islands.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
A list of hospitals and the corresponding Outcome of Care rates for certain conditions. "Outcome of Care Measures" show what happened after patients with certain conditions received hospital care.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
This is a monthly dataset of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) requests received and processed by the US Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) during the month.  Each record in the dataset is associated with a FOIA request.  It includes the case control number, requester name, document scanned date, and request subject.
The Business Expenses Supplement (BES) compiles statistics on business operating expenses during the Economic Census year. Detailed operating expenses are collected for Wholesale Distributors, Retail Trade, Accomodation and Food Services, Manufacturing, Construction, and Mining.  Business expenses data are used routinely by government program officials, particularly the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis which uses the data for the Nation's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) estimates and in developing the National Accounts input-output tables. Other users of business expenses data include market researchers, economic analysts, academics and business owners.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Devils River minnow (Dionda diaboli) occur. This dataset originated with the National Hydrography Dataset (NHD).     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
List of US Army buildings on US Army installations that are LEEDs silver or gold certified.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for White Sturgeon (Acipenser transmontanus) concerning the Kootenai River Population occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
NLRB C-Case (Unfair Labor Practice) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2002 through 12/31/2002
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2001 through 12/31/2001
NLRB R-Case (Elections) data from CATS (Case Activity Tracking System) for the period of 01/01/2002 through 12/31/2002
The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) Service Center Index of Information is a locator tool designed to make data and information more readily available to those seeking information under DLA FOIA.  DLA is separated into FOIA Service Centers that respond to requests.  The Index of Information at DLA FOIA Service Centers is intended to assist persons making FOIA requests determine which DLA FOIA Service Center is likely to have the records sought.   The locator  tool allows the user  to search for their item of interest by category, organization, key word search, or contract prefix and directed to the FOIA Service Center which handles that topic.
List of Census Tract Numbers for each state by county. Census Tract Numbers are posted in two files: Alabama through Montana and Nebraska through Wyoming.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A comprehensive record of the status of issues identified since 1978, which involve public health and safety, the common defense and security, or the environment, and which could affect multiple entities under NRC jurisdiction.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where critical habitat is designated for the Santa Barbara County Distinct Population Segment of the California Tiger Salamander (Ambystoma californiense). Proposed critical habitat for the species occurs in six units: Santa Rita, Purisima Hills, Eastern Los Alamos, Western Los Alamos/Careaga, Eastern Santa Maria, and Western Santa Maria/Orcutt. These units are in western Santa Barbara County from the Santa Rita Valley - Purisima Hills area northward to the Santa Maria Valley.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Patent Grant Full Text (2001 to Present):  Contains the full text of each patent grant issued weekly (Tuesdays) from January 2001 to Present (includes tables, genetic sequence data and "in-line" mathematical expressions; excludes images/drawings). The file formats are Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Grant Version 2.4 Document Type Definition (DTD) and eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Grant Version 2.5; 4.0 International Common Element (ICE); 4.1 ICE; and 4.2 ICE Document Type Definitions (DTDs). Because of the concatenation of the individual documents, these files are not well-formed SGML/XML. These files contain non-repeatable (not unique) tags. For example, each SGML or XML document within the file should have one start tag and one end tag.  Concatenation creates a file that contains 4,000 plus start/end tag combinations. This means that the file will not parse successfully or open/display by default in Internet Explorer. If you put these files along with the appropriate Document Type Definition (DTD) in the same directory and double click on these weekly files, Internet Explorer will give you an error:  Access is denied. Error processing resource 'us-patent-grant-v42-2006-08-23.dtd'. Error processing resource 'file:///C:/Do... <!DOCTYPE us-patent-grant SYSTEM "us-patent-grant-v42-2006-08-23.dtd" [ ]>  But if you take one document out of the Patent Grant Full Text file and place it in a directory with the correct DTD and then double click that individual document, Internet Explorer will open the file successfully. NOTE:  You may receive a warning about Active X controls. Additionally, if you take one document out of the Patent Grant Full Text file and open it with MS Excel as an XML List, it will import the data under column headings from the XML tags. NOTE:  All Patent Grant Full Text files will open successfully in MS Word; NotePad; WordPad; and TextPad. Approximately 4,000 patent grants per week. Approximately 75 MB per weekly zipfile. References to the following external files are present, but the external files themselves are not present:  - Mega Sequence Listing data files - Mathematica Notebook (NB) files - CambridgeSoft Corp. ChemDraw (CDX) and MDL Information Systems (MOL) files - Drawings, mathematical expressions, and chemical structures image (TIFF) files  Patent Grant Full Text (1976 to 2001):  Contains the full text of each patent grant issued weekly (Tuesdays) from January 1976 to December 2001 (includes tables, genetic sequence data and "in-line" mathematical expressions; excludes images/drawings). The file format is ASCII text (a.k.a. Green Book). Chemical structures are not present, but their location is indicated by a structure call-out. Includes patent number, series code and application number, type of patent, filing date, title, issue date, inventor information, assignee name at time of issue, foreign priority information, related US patent documents, classification information, US and foreign references, attorney, agent or firm/legal representative, Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) information, abstract, specification, and claims. Approximately 4,000 patent grants per week. Approximately 104 GB total.
This file contains the National Science Foundation (NSF)'s 2004 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2004. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2009. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
Earmarks in 2005 Authorizations Bills
This dataset provides a geographic breakdown by state of subjects identified in suspicious activity report (SAR) filings on suspected mortgage fraud. Files contain metadata expanding on the derivation, use, and limitations of FinCEN Mortgage Fraud SAR data. The Excel files provide mortgage fraud SAR data from filings received by FinCEN from 2006 to the most recent data.
Complaint information entered into NHTSA-ODI's vehicle owner's complaint database is used with other complaints to determine if a safety-related defect trend exists.
To ensure an accurate sampling frame for its Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) survey, the Bureau of Justice Statistics periodically sponsors a census of the nation's state and local law enforcement agencies. This census, also known as the Directory, gathers data on all police and sheriffs' departments that are publicly funded and employ at least one full-time or part-time sworn officer with general arrest powers. This data collection, compiled in June 1992, represents the second such census, with the first occurring in 1986. Variables include personnel totals, type of agency, and geographic location of agency.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Unnamed ground beetle (Rhadine infernalis) occur. The geographic extent includes Bexar County, TX. This is one of seven invertebrate species addressed in the April 8, 2003 Federal Register document entitled: Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Seven Bexar County, TX, Invertebrate Species; Final Rule (68 FR 17155 17231).     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Contains monthly data on natural gas prices consumption by end-use sector back to 1973
The Steel Import Monitoring and Analysis (SIMA) System, under the Department of Commerce, collects and publishes data of steel mill product imports. By design this information provides stakeholders and public valuable information on steel trade with the United States. This is achieved through two tools: the steel licensing program and the steel import monitor.
This file contains the National Science Foundation (NSF) 2003 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2003. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Alabama moccasinshell (Medionidus acutissimus) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Provides offender characteristics by police district and police service area.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where the final critical habitat for Beautiful Shiner (Cyprinella formosa), the Yaqui catfish (Ictalurus pricei), and the Yaqui chub (Gila purpurea) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Cochise County, Arizona.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate  Eastern Pacific tropical cyclone and marine forecasts.
The Components of Inventory Change (CINCH) report measures changes in the characteristics of the housing stock of the United States. Using data collected from the national American Housing Survey (AHS), conducted every two years, the characteristics of individual housing units are compared across time. This comparison allows researchers to see not only changes in the characteristics of housing units, but also in the characteristics of occupants. Information is available on the characteristics of units added and removed from the housing stock.
2009 Percent of respondents who rate the quality of service provided by the national cemeteries as excellent.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of imports and exports on a monthly basis.
Contains 2006 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
2007 Veteran life insurance expenditures by state and county.  Expenditures were derived from Insurance Actuarial reports that used the total Insurance program cash disbursed.  The total cash disbursed was prorated by in-force data by state, which was further prorated by county and congressional district.
Utility level retail sales of electricity and associated revenue by end-use sector, State, and reporting month.
Annual and year-to-date data on the United States' top trading partners, ranked by export value
Federal Catalog Program data used in the cataloging process to describe  the attributes of items repetively used, purchased, stocked, or distributed, for all functions of supply from orginal purchase to final disposal.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Pecos bluntnose shiner (Notropis simus pecosensis) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes DeBaca, Chaves and Eddy Counties, New Mexico. FWS Note: There is a discrepancy between the Federal Register text description which has the northern most point of the critical habitat in T1N;R26E;Sec 2 whereas the Federal Register map has the beginning in T1N;R26E;Sec1. This dataset reflects the information as provided in the map and confirmed by FWS staff.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2007-2009. Available for geographic areas with populations of 20,000 or more.
The dataset represents the Networx Universal and Enterprise business volume by contractor, agency, contract vehicle and month for the centralized billing account. This represents the business volume of each government agency that has ordered telecommunications services from the Networx contract.
A list of Significant Guidance documents, which include guidance document disseminated to regulated entities or the general public that may reasonably be anticipated to lead to an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or communities; create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by another agency; materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in Executive Order 12866, as further amended.
Contains 2003 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
The 2002 Census of Law Enforcement Training Academies (CLETA02) was the first effort by the Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS) to collect information from law enforcement training academies across the United States. The CLETA02 included all currently operating academies that provided basic law enforcement training. Academies that provided only in-service training, corrections/detention training, or other special types of training were excluded. Data were collected on personnel, expenditures, facilities, equipment, trainees, training curricula, and a variety of special topic areas. As of year-end 2002, a total of 626 law enforcement academies operating in the United States offered basic law enforcement training to individuals recruited or seeking to become law enforcement officers.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Fountain darter (Etheostoma fonticola) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Hays County, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The NOAA Coastal Services Center's Legislative Atlas is a regional geographic information system (GIS) that provides spatial data for state and federal coastal and ocean management laws and the jurisdictional boundaries of management agencies.  There are a growing number of regional collaborations among federal, state, and local agencies to address coastal management issues that cut across existing political and jurisdictional boundaries.  To support regional management efforts, the Coastal Services Center has developed geographic representations of key state and federal legislation and the jurisdictional boundaries of state and federal management agencies.  Federal legislation includes the Clean Water Act, Endangered Species Act, National Environmental Policy Act, Coastal Zone Management Act, Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, Marine Mammal Protection Act, Submerged Lands Act, Marine Plastics Pollution Research and Control Act, Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act.  State and Federal agency jurisdictions include Minerals Management Service planning areas, Environmental Protection Agency regions, National Marine Fishery Service regions, National Park Service regions, Federal Emergency Management Agency regions, Fishery Management Council regions, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service regions, U.S. Coast Guard districts, U.S. Army Corp of Engineers Civil Works districts, and U.S. Army Corp of Engineers Regulatory boundaries.
Contains 2005 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
The Twentieth Century Reanalysis Project is an effort led by PSD and the University of Colorado CIRES Climate Diagnostics Center to produce a reanalysis dataset for the entire twentieth century, using only surface observations of synoptic pressure, monthly sea surface temperature and sea ice distribution. The observations have been collected with the support of the Atmospheric Circulation Reconstructions over the Earth initiative, and working groups of GCOS and WCRP. The Project uses a recently-developed Ensemble Filter data assimilation method which directly yields each six-hourly analysis as the most likely state of the global atmosphere, and also estimates uncertainty in that analysis.  This dataset will provide the first estimates of global tropospheric and stratospheric variability spanning 1871 to present at six-hourly resolution (V2). In Version 2, data files are also produced for daily and monthly values of the variables. The first version has global coverage spanning 1908-1958, and two degree longitude-latitude horizontal resolution (V1).
The initial decisions issued by administrative law judges in 2009 that contains findings of fact, legal conclusions, and an order that often contains a sanction. These initial decisions follow hearings on allegations of securities law violations initiated in most cases by the Commission's Division of Enforcement.
Contains 1998 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2011. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
The Office of the Solicitor General, like other parties, file a number of different types of briefs or other pleadings with the Supreme Court, depending primarily on (1) the type of case, (2) the stage of the proceedings, and (3) whether the government is a party to the case or an amicus curiae.  These are the briefs filed by OSG.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Abstract: These data identify the area (in general) where final critical habitat for the Ventura Marsh milk-vetch (Astragalus pycnostachyus var. lanosissimus) occurs. Critical habitat for the species is located in coastal Ventura and Santa Barbara counties. In Ventura County critical habitat occurs south of the mouth of the Santa Clara River on McGrath State Beach, and on a mix of State, County, and private land along Mandalay Beach. In Santa Barbara County, critical habitat occurs on State and private lands in the Carpenteria Salt Marsh, adjacent to the City of Carpenteria.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Contains 2000 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of stocks, production, imports, sales, and deliveries to FSA on a monthly basis.
Contains 1997 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate North Atlantic, Caribbean Sea, and Gulf of Mexcio  tropical cyclone and marine forecasts.
IRIS tracks the status of safety deficiencies identified during Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Safety & Environmental Management (SEM) survey inspections.
USAID's Development Credit Authority (DCA) works with investors, local financial institutions, and development organizations to design and deliver investment alternatives that unlock financing for U.S. Government priorities. USAID guarantees encourage private lenders to extend financing to underserved borrowers in new sectors and regions. This dataset is the complete list of all private loans made under USAID's DCA since it was established in 1999. To protect the personal information of borrowers and bank partners, all strategic and personal identifiable information was removed. For explanations and limitations of the dataset, download the attachment in the metadata.
A map service displaying the area encompassing all the National Forest System lands administered by an unit. The area encompasses private lands, other governmental agency lands, and may contain National Forest System lands within the proclaimed boundaries of another administrative unit. All National Forest System lands fall within one and only one Administrative Forest Area.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Rota Bridled White-Eye (Zosterops rotensis) occur.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The NRC staff has developed the license review schedule based on the Commission's order to complete the GE Uranium Enrichment Facility license application review within 30 months.
IRIS tracks the status of safety deficiencies identified during Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Safety & Environmental Management (SEM) survey inspections.
This dataset includes advisory opinions under Title 1 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA).
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for San Marcos salamander (Eurycea nana) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Hays County, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Contains 2001 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
Contains 1986 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
Dry Spent Fuel Storage Designs: NRC-Approved for Use by Gerneal Licensees Demographics
Contains 1992 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2005-2009. Available for all geographic areas.
Annual Inventory of Commericial Activities (FAIR ACT) Report

Contains 1998 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The Product Service Codes (PSC) and North American Industrial Classification Systems (NAICS) are the two methods the Federal government classifies contracts.  They are used as a mechanism to identify scope of the products and services and business segment covered under the award.  This data can be used as a mechanism to understand the scope of GSA programs.  This can be used as means to identify best fit.  While a GSA contract can offer great opportunities for many businesses, the process of applying for that contract will take a significant amount of time and resources. Understanding best GSA contract for your products and services is a preliminary step to take prior to responding to a GSA solicitation.
This site contains substantive and precedential decisions issued by the Office of Administrative Law Judges. The site does not contain subsequent rulings or determinations which may have been issued: (1) by the HUD Secretary following Secretary review of an ALJ decision; or (2) by a federal court of the United States upon review or appeal of a final agency action. Therefore, decisions found at this site do not necessarily represent the final disposition of the case.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The 1993 Census of Jails is the sixth in a series of data collection efforts begun in 1970 and aimed at studying the nation's locally administered jails authorized to hold inmates beyond arraignment. Included in this collection are 17 private facilities operating under contract to local governments and seven facilities maintained by the Federal Bureau of Prisons that functioned as jails. Excluded from the census are state-administered facilities, including the combined jail-prison systems in Alaska, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Rhode Island, and Vermont. Variables include the number of inmates by legal status, age, and sex, maximum sentence, admissions and releases, inmate health issues, facility services and programs, structure and capacity, facility age and use of space, expenditures, and staff.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Todsen's pennyroyal (Hedeoma todsenii) based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Sierra County, New Mexico.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Purchase-only monthly price change estimates for the United States and its census Divisions, provided in not seasonally adjusted.
The Federal Register is the official daily publication for rules, proposed rules, and notices of Federal agencies and organizations, as well as executive orders and other presidential documents. Published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR), National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), it is updated daily and is available Monday through Friday, except Federal holidays. Bulk data downloads of Federal Register files in XML format are available from 2000 to the present, by year, month, and day. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Federal Register. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Federal Register. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Federal Register on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Federal Register PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collection.action?collectionCode=FR
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Contains 2001 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
This spreadsheet lists the active multiemployer pensions plans insured by PBGC. Plans are identified by name, employer identification number (EIN) and plan number (PN).
Hay Stocks on Farms by State reported by tonnage for December 1 and May 1, 2010-2012
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
This dataset includes Office of Administrative Law Judges decisions arising from over 80 labor-related statutes and regulations, including grants administration relating to training of the unskilled and economically disadvantaged; civil rights; alien labor certifications and attestations; Black Lung and Longshore workers' compensation program areas; whistleblower cases; complaints involving corporate fraud, nuclear, environmental, pipeline safety, aviation and commercial trucking statutes; minimum wage disputes; enforcement actions involving the working conditions of migrant farm laborers; disputes involving child labor violations hearings on mine safety variances; OSHA formal rulemaking proceedings; contract disputes; civil fraud in federal programs; employee polygraph tests; certain recordkeeping required by ERISA; standards of conduct in union elections.
Ready-to-Learn Television supports the development of educational television and digital media targeted at preschool and early elementary school children and their families.  This data-focused toolset site contains data visualizations and downloads.   Ready-to-Learn TV's general goal is to promote early learning and school readiness, with a particular interest in reaching low-income children. In addition to creating television and other media products, the program supports activities intended to promote national distribution of the programming, effective educational uses of the programming, community-based outreach, and research on educational effectiveness.  CFDA Number: 84.295
Helps encourage activity and value-added at U.S. facilities in competition with foreign alternatives by allowing delayed or reduced duty payments on foreign merchandise, as well as other savings.
Reflects gold bullion and gold coins owned by the federal government. Summarizes the fine troy ounces and the book value of gold held by various facilities. Identifies the value of gold coins and bullion on display at Federal Reserve banks; coins and bullion in reserve at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; and gold held by U.S. Mint facilities
The Number of Vouchers Processed measure represents the number of vouchers processed by the three ETS vendors annually for the 24 largest Federal Civilian Agencies.  The % of Reservations Completed Online measure represents the percentage of reservations that are processed online versus manually by a travel agent.
The Annual Retail Trade Survey (ARTS) produces national estimates of total annual sales, e-commerce sales, end-of-year inventories, inventory-to-sales ratios, purchases, total operating expenses, inventories held outside the United  States, gross margins, and end-of-year accounts receivable for retail businesses and annual sales and e-commerce sales for accommodation and food service firms located in the U.S.
2009 Percent of respondents who rate the national cemetery appearance as excellent.
The e-commerce measures report the value of goods and services sold online whether over open networks such as the Internet, or over proprietary networks running systems such as Electronic Data Interchange (EDI). E-commerce data were collected in four separate Census Bureau surveys. These surveys used different measures of economic activity such as shipments for manufacturing, sales for wholesale and retail trade, and revenues for service industries. Consequently, measures of total economic and e-commerce activity vary by economic sector, are conceptually and definitionally different, and therefore, are not additive.
In administering Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations CFR Part 77, the prime objectives of the FAA are to promote air safety and the efficient use of the navigable airspace. To accomplish this mission, aeronautical studies are conducted based on information provided by proponents on an FAA Form 7460-1, Notice of Proposed Construction or Alteration. Advisory Circular 70/7460-1K, Obstruction Marking and Lighting, describes the standards for marking and lighting structures such as buildings, chimneys, antenna towers, cooling towers, storage tanks, supporting structures of overhead wires, etc. This report lists cases that have been determined
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
This dataset provides expenditures on Children by Families provides estimates of the cost of raising children from birth through age 17 for major budgetary components.
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. 
All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs.  1 FAM 000-050 contains documentation of the following administrative components:   - 010 Authority, Responsibilities, and Organization - 020 The Secretary of State (S)  - 030 Office of the Deputy Secretary of State (D) - 040 The Under Secretaries of State - 050 Office of Inspector of General (OIG)
USAID's Development Experience Clearinghouse (DEC) is the largest online resource for USAID funded technical and program documentation, with over 141700 documents available for electronic download. Search USAID's online database of agency-funded technical and program-related documents to download USAID documents in PDF format for free.
Subscribe to ED.gov RSS to receive notification of ED press releases, funding opportunities, No Child Left Behind, and federal learning resources
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for San Francisco Peaks groundsel (Senecio franciscanus) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Coconino County, Arizona.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Specific Federal Highway Administration Policy Statements
Contains 2007 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Internal Revenue Bulletin (IRB) is the authoritative instrument for announcing official rulings and procedures of the IRS and for publishing Treasury Decisions, Executive Orders, Tax Conventions, legislation, court decisions, and other items of general interest.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Gila chub (Gila intermedia) occur. The geographic extent includes Cochise, Gila, Graham, Greenlee, Pima, Pinal, Santa Cruz, and Yavapai Counties, Arizona; and Grant County, New Mexico.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Contains all state-level in-migration flows in the U.S. between Calendar Year 2007-2008.
This survey, the second in the Bureau of Justice Statistics Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) program, presents information on general purpose state and local law enforcement agencies, including state police, county police, municipal police, and sheriff's offices. Variables include size of the population served; type, number, and demographic characteristics of employees; operating budget; agency functions; type of equipment used; use of computer and information systems; salary ranges for officers; policies and programs; and other matters related to management, operations, and personnel.  A limited number of special police agencies such as transit, airport, or campus police are included in this file.
Transcripts of the monthly (with the exception of August) National Capital Planning Commission meeting transcripts are provided for research to confirm actions taken by the Commission.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Contains annual data on natural gas prices, production, consumption, imports and exports, and underground storage
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Upland Combshell (Epioblasma metastriata) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Aggregate retirement data of Survivor annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law. The 2008 volume covers significant legal developments that occurred during 2008.  In his introduction to the volume, Legal Adviser Harold Hongju Koh stated in part:  "This volume provides a historical record of developments occurring during the period when my predecessor, John B. Bellinger, III, served as Legal Adviser. . . .      "Significant legal developments occurred throughout 2008, including ones relating to international terrorism and piracy, conflict resolution, nonproliferation of nuclear weapons, and international human rights and humanitarian law. For example, the UN Security Council, with U.S. leadership, adopted resolutions authorizing the use of force to repress piracy off the Somali coast, a resolution maintaining and strengthening the Somali arms embargo, and a resolution reauthorizing the African Union peacekeeping mission to Somalia. The United States concluded a strategic framework agreement and a status of forces agreement with Iraq, an agreement for nuclear cooperation with India, and a comprehensive claims settlement agreement with Libya. In the area of human rights, the United States made its first appearance before the Committee on the Rights of the Child, which met to consider the initial U.S. reports on U.S. implementation of the two optional protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child . . . .   "In 2008, by negotiating and concluding treaties, pursuing other diplomatic initiatives, and participating in arbitration and litigation, the United States also remained actively engaged in the development of international law. . . ."
Aggregate retirement data of annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employees and survivor annuitants. Geographic distribution by state and territory.
The crosswalk file is designed to provide geographic and other identification information for each record included in either the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Program files or in the Bureau of Justice Statistics' Census of State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies (CSLLEA). The main variables each record contains are the alpha state code, county name, place name, government agency name and type, police agency name, government identification number, Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) state, county, and place codes, and Originating Agency Identifier (ORI) code. Latitude and longitude variables were added in 2000. These variables allow a researcher to take agency-level data, combine it with Bureau of the Census and BJS data, and perform place-level and government-level analyses.
The Construction Price Indexes provide price indexes for single-family houses sold and for single-family houses under construction. The houses sold index incorporates the value of the land and is available quarterly at the national level and annually by region. The indexes for houses under construction are available monthly at the national level. The indexes are based on data funded by HUD and collected in the Survey of Construction (SOC).
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of production on a monthly basis.
Natural Hazards Image Discovery Tool from NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center provides search and discovery; descriptive and location information; and download access to over 1000 images of the damage from natural hazards.Collection-level ISO metadata exist for the collections; metadata for web service in development in coordination with the NOC IOCM and CMSP efforts.
This API returns a search for the demographic information for a particular geography type and geography ID
The Average Age by State dataset provides the average age of Government life insurance policyholders in the administered programs in each state.  The data is reported at the state level, plus insureds in Military America, Military Europe, Military Pacific, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Marshall Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Triangular Kidneyshell (Ptychobranchus greenii) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Information about Federal Home Loan Bank members as of December 31, 2009.
This survey, the first in the Bureau of Justice Statistics Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) program, presents information on general purpose state and local law enforcement agencies, including state police, county police, municipal police, and sheriff's offices. Variables include size of the population served; type, number, and demographic characteristics of employees; operating budget; agency functions; type of equipment used; use of computer and information systems; salary ranges for officers; policies and programs; and other matters related to management, operations, and personnel.  A limited number of special police agencies such as transit, airport, or campus police are included in this file.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2007 are summarized in this table of key variables.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for spikedace (Meda fulgida) The geographic extent includes Graham, Pinal and Yavapai Counties, Arizona ; and Catron, Grant and Hidalgo Counties, New Mexico.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Conclusions of the Department of Transportation regarding the citizenship or fitness of an airline
FOIA Electronic Reading Room - Final Opinions/Orders in Adjudicated Cases
A nationwide survey that collects information such as type of housing unit, electricity cost, home value, monthly rent, vacancy status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2008-2010.
Aggregate retirement data of employee annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Ice Cream and Dairy Products" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
GSA e-Buy, is an electronic Request for Quote (RFQ) / Request for Proposal (RFP) system designed to allow government buyers to request information, find sources, and prepare RFQs/RFPs, online, for millions of services and products offered through GSA's Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) and GSA Technology Contracts. Government buyers can use eBuy to obtain quotes or proposals for services, large quantity purchases, big ticket items, and purchases with complex requirements. Buyers may use e-Buy to evaluate and accept the quotation that represents the best value. Buyers may then make award to any contractor whose quotation was accepted. The e-Buy Award dataset are the award data collected by e-Buy for a given fiscal year.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Outs" and "Separations from the Federal Service") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2011.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Separations Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Separation, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Equivalent Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  Starting in FY 2010, the OPM Enterprise Human Resources Integration-Statistical Data Mart (EHRI-SDM) is the source for all FedScope data.  Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Contains 2006 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.

Light Bulbs that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
U.S. Nuclear Research and Test Reactors Under Decommisssioning Regulated by the NRCDemographics
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
British Petroleum (BP) provided data file from it's Well test data from the off-shore British Petroleum leaking well
Public Law 94-171 Redistricting Summary File, population demographic data by race, ethnicity - Latino or Hispanic, voting age, and housing data with vacant and occupied status.
Contains 1991 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2000 are summarized in this table of key variables.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: This Polygon shapefile of critical habitat for the Coosa Moccasinshell (Medionidus parvulus) based on the description provided in the Federal Register.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
This is a monthly dataset of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) requests received and processed by the US Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) during the month.  Each record in the dataset is associated with a FOIA request.  It includes the case control number, requester name, document scanned date, and request subject.
Contains 1988 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The tool provides access to US drought data, forecasts, and information from across federal and state agencies, tribes, universities, and other partners. Data is provided using visualization tools within the Portal or as links directly to an appropriate website from the data's host institution.
Contains 1996 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Contains 1989 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2005. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Comal Springs dryopid beetle (Stygoparnus comalensis) occur. The geographic extent includes Comal and Hays Counties, Tx.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Commodity Flow Survey provides information on commodities shipped, their value, weight, and mode of transportation, as well as the origin and destination of shipments of commodities from manufacturing, mining, wholesale, and selected retail and services establishments. It is undertaken through a partnership between the Bureau of the Census, U.S. Department of Commerce, and the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, Research and Innovative Technology Administration.
Following its sampling plan, OSHA industrial hygienists are monitoring workers engaged in the oil spill clean up in the Gulf of Mexico for exposure to hazardous chemicals and conditions.  These data tables provide sample results for chemicals, noise, and heat stress index measurements.  Samples to assess airborne concentrations of oil, weathered oil, oil dispersants, cleaning agents and other materials as identified are taken. When evaluating worker exposure, direct reading instruments and shift-long sampling is performed in the actual breathing zone of workers.   OSHA has also sampled areas that are periodically frequented by workers but the samples are not taken from the breathing zone of workers.  Finally, OSHA has sampled directly over tar balls, inside bags containing contaminated materials, and other locations that do not represent worker exposure but provide information on the types of chemicals that may be coming off contaminated materials.
Index of select appellate cases and briefs filed by the U.S. Department of Justice, Antitrust Division since January 1993. Cases are listed in reverse chronological order by brief date and by name of individual defendants, by company name, or by the entity's first name. Amicus curiae briefs are listed in reverse chronological order by brief date and by petitioner name.
Contains 2002 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
An Action on Decision (AOD) is a formal memorandum prepared by the IRS Office of Chief Counsel that announces the future litigation position the IRS will take with regard to the court decision addressed by the AOD.
Aggregate retirement data of employee annuitants added to the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Pecos assiminea (Assiminea pecos) occur. The geographic extent includes Reeves and Pecos Counties, Texas.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Department of the Treasury has significant responsibilities related to the Recovery Act. Treasury has nine programs - including several initiatives involving tax changes that will affect almost all Americans, and will deliver an estimated $150 billion of direct relief to Americans and their families.  This dataset provided a state-by-state dataset related to each of the programs.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
DOE NEPA Documents are available to members of the public, including categorical exclusion determinations, environmental assessments, environmental impact statements, findings of no significant impact, records of decision, mitigation action plans, notices of availability, notices of intent, supplement analyses, and other notices and documents.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the Eastern Pacific.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by package size on a monthly basis.  Package sizes include "Packages < 50 lbs", "Packages 50 lbs and Greater", and "Unpackaged (Bulk)"
The 1988 National Jail Census is the fifth in a series of data collection efforts begun in 1970 and aimed at studying the nation's locally administered jails authorized to hold inmates beyond arraignment. Included in this collection are six private facilities operating under contract to local governments. Excluded from the census are federal or state-administered facilities, including the combined jail-prison systems in Alaska, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Rhode Island, and Vermont. Variables include the number of inmates by legal status, age and sex, maximum sentence, admissions and releases, facility services, structure and capacity, expenditures, and staff.
Contains 1995 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
Contains 1999 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for hawksbill sea turtle (Eretmochelys imbricata) based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes a three nautical mile buffer around Isla de Mona and Isla Monita, Puerto Rico.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The notices and orders concerning the institution and/or settlement of administrative proceedings issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2009.
Contains 1994 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
Abstract: These data identifies the area (in general) where critical habitat proposed for the Fish Slough milk-vetch (Astragalus lentiginosus var. piscinensis) occurs. Critical habitat for the species consists of approximately 8,000 acres, encompassing the wetlands and adjacent uplands in Fish Slough, immediately north of the Owens River near the community of Laws in Inyo County, California.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
This weekly report provides information about voting changes, submissions, notices, responses to/from the Voting Section of the Civil Rights Division under Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act.
The opinions and orders issued by the Commission in 2010 adjudicating either appeals from initial ALJ decisions or disciplinary or adverse action taken by self-regulatory organizations (such as FINRA) or motions in connection with these proceedings.
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 10/31/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
Provides rapid access to labor market information for local areas affected by emergency events. Currently limited to hurricanes, the application provides an easy-to-use tool that provides a live feed from the National Hurricane Center. When a storm's leading winds make landfall in the US, the application will allow users to view the characteristics of the local workforce, such as the affected industries, the ages of workers and workers' earnings.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive notification of press releases from the U.S. Department of Education (ED).
The NRC staff has developed the license review schedule based on the Commission's order to complete the AREVA Enrichment Services Eagle Rock Enrichment Facility license application review within 30 months.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Non-Food Uses" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
This dataset contains data about military and overseas voting for the 2008 election cycle. The dataset and corresponding report address ballot transmissions to, and ballot submissions from uniformed and overseas citizen voters (UOCAVA). The data and corresponding report entitled Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act: Survey Findings are part of the EAC's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
This link provides a temporary method of accessing SAMHSA datasets that are found on the interactive portion of the Data.gov catalog. This is a temporary solution until policy issues regarding federation are addressed. This template with metadata and link are being entered by the Data.gov PMO so that these datasets can be included in a limited fashion through a filtered list until the federation issues can be resolved.
Aquaculture is the production of aquatic animals and plants under controlled conditions for all or part of their lifecycle. This data product provides statistics on domestically grown catfish and trout and U.S. imports and exports of fish and shellfish that may be products of aquaculture, such as salmon, shrimp, and oysters.
Contains 1996 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
These all of the Administrative Sanction decisions issued by the Office of Appeals and its predecessor, the HUD Board of Contract Appeals. This Office has included in this listing the full text decisions, which this Office believes are precedential or of interest to the public, and decisions cited in subsequent Office decisions. Significant decisions of this Office are also reported in a variety of procurement and government law web sites and publications, and are accessible through LEXIS-NEXIS, WESTLAW, and FLITE.
Aggregate retirement data of Survivor annuitants added to the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
IRS Written Determinations are documents the IRS is required to make "...open to public inspection..." pursuant to the provisions of I.R.C. Sec. 6110. The documents prepared for release each week are made available to the public every Friday morning.  In general, there are three types of IRS written determinations: (1) Taxpayer-specific rulings or determinations are written memoranda furnished by the IRS National Office in response to requests by taxpayers under published annual guidelines. See Rev. Proc. 2008-1 and Rev.Proc. 2008-4 for more information about these guidelines. (2) Technical advice memoranda (TAM) are written memoranda furnished by the National Office of the IRS upon request of a district director or chief appeals officer pursuant to annual review procedures. See Rev. Proc. 2008-2 for more information about these procedures. (3) Chief Counsel Advice (CCA) materials are written advice or instructions prepared by the Office of Chief Counsel and issued to field or service center employees of the IRS or Office of Chief Counsel.  See the Chief Counsel Advice Training Materials for more information about CCAs.IRS Written Determinations do not contain proprietary ("Official Use Only") information. However, it is important to note that pursuant to 26 USC '§ 6110(k)(3) such items cannot be used or cited as precedent.
"Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2010 by several characteristics. "
Table 1: Grain Transport Cost Indicators
An XML file containing Count and Funding Rates for National Science Foundation (NSF) Early and Later Career Principal Investigators (PIs).
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Procurement and Contracting by Organic Handlers database contains select results from the 2004 and 2007 Nationwide Surveys of Organic Manufacturers, Processors, and Distributors. The surveys covered a variety of topics related to the procurement and contracting of organic products and ingredients. Data are available on 9 commodity groups, such as fruit and nuts, and 45 commodities, such as berries and citrus. In 2007, the procurement data include information from 1,013 facilities; the contracts data include information from 620 facilities that use contracts.
Contains 1993 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
View and download reports on statistical, financial and narrative data on Adult Basic Education (ABE), Adult Secondary Education (ASE) and English as a Second Language (ESL), ranging from enrollment data, outcome measures, longitudinal data and beyond from 1997 to present.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive notification of speeches from education officials at the U.S. Department of Education (ED).
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2001 are summarized in this table of key variables.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of stocks, production, imports, sales, and deliveries to FSA on a monthly basis.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Contains 2002 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW YORK, as of January 2011.
The Economic Indicator Database Search provides easy to access time series data for the 12 Economic Indicators produced by the Census Bureau. Data users (business analysts, the press, economic researchers) can use the database for quicker access to the data they need for modeling, trend analyses, and other research.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where the final critical habitat for Welsh's milkweed (Asclepias welshii) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Kane County, Utah.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Contains 2004 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
This tool provides data on exports of goods from major U.S. metropolitan areas, as defined by the Bureau of the Census. These data are based on an Origin of Movement (OM) Zip-code-based series, and are therefore not comparable with an OM state-based series, like that available from TradeStats Express.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Executive orders are official documents, numbered consecutively, through which the President of the United States manages the operations of the Federal Government. The text of Executive orders appears in the daily Federal Register as each Executive order is signed by the President and received by the Office of the Federal Register. The text of Executive orders beginning with Executive Order 7316 of March 13, 1936, also appears in the sequential editions of Title 3 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR).
Contains 1999 data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2002 are summarized in this table of key variables.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
Contains 1987 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
FOIA Electronic Reading Room - Final Opinions/Orders in Adjudicated Cases
Contains 1997 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
This survey, the sixth in the Bureau of Justice Statistics Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) program, presents information on general purpose state and local law enforcement agencies, including state police, county police, municipal police, and sheriff's offices. Variables include size of the population served; type, number, and demographic characteristics of employees; operating budget; agency functions; type of equipment used; use of computer and information systems; salary ranges for officers; policies and programs; and other matters related to management, operations, and personnel.  As of 2000, special police agencies such as transit, airport, or campus police are no longer included in this file.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
This Widget provides access to all FSA Daily Terminal Market Prices information releases. The widget may be embedded into your website or blog with code provided using either Flash or Javascript.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Estimated schedules for spent fuel storage licensing and certification activities
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
USAID promotes environmentally sound design by requiring that all USAID funded activities undergo an environmental impact assessment. This is accomplished through an Initial Environmental Examination (IEE), an Environmental Assessment (EA) or a Request for a Categorical Exclusion, all in accordance with Title 22 of the Code of Federal Regulations Part 216, commonly known as 22 CFR 216 or "Reg 216."  This searchable database contains copies of the environmental impact assessments prepared and approved by USAID Regional and Global Bureaus.
It allows to generate tables for Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) Qualified Census Tracts (QCT) and for Difficult Development Areas (DDA).  LIHTC Qualified Census Tracts must have 50 percent of households with incomes below 60 percent of the Area Median Gross Income (AMGI) or have a poverty rate of 25 percent or more. DDA are designated by HUD and are based on Fair Market Rents, income limits, and the 2000 Census counts.
Weekly crop progress and condition for a number of crops and states.
List of opinions issued by the Department of Interior Office of the Solicitor, organized by opinion number, as a part of decision-making by administrative adjudication.
Searchable database of decisions issued by OHA, organized by case number
Contains 2004 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
This file contains the FY 2010 FOIA annual report of the U.S. Department of Education (ED). The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2010. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training.  Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices.   Europe Regional Reports include: Participants by Employment Type Participants by Field of Activity Inventory of Participants by Country Participants by Federal Sponsor
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where the final critical habitat for Woundfin (Plagopterus argentissimus) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Clark County, Nevada ; Graham County, Arizona and Washington County, Utah.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The System for Tracking and Administering Real-property (STAR) is the primary tool used by PBS to track and manage the government's real property assets and to store inventory data, building data, customer data, and lease information. STAR manages aspects of real property space management, including identification of all building space and daily management of 22,000 assignments for all property to its client Federal agencies. This data set contains PBS building inventory that consists of both owned and leased buildings with active and excess status.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2000 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Manufacturers who determine that a product or piece of original equipment either has a safety defect or is not in compliance with Federal safety standards are required to notify the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) within 5 business days. NHTSA requires that manufacturers file a Defect and Noncompliance report as well as quarterly recall status reports, in compliance with Federal Regulation 49 (the National Traffic and Motor Safety Act) Part 573, which identifies the requirements for safety recalls. This information is stored in the NHTSA database. Use this data to search for recall information related to:  - Specific NHTSA campaigns  - Product types
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains annual 2006 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.

Abstract: provide the user with a general idea of areas where final critical habitat for Little Colorado spinedace (Lepidomeda vittata) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Apache, Coconino and Navajo Counties, Arizona.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on deportable aliens located for fiscal years 1925 to 2010
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
FVAP data from 2008 post election survey of military voting assistance officers (VAO). VAOs help and guide military members and their dependents through the absentee voting process.
This survey, the fourth in the Bureau of Justice Statistics Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) program, presents information on general purpose state and local law enforcement agencies, including state police, county police, municipal police, and sheriff's offices. Variables include size of the population served; type, number, and demographic characteristics of employees; operating budget; agency functions; type of equipment used; use of computer and information systems; salary ranges for officers; policies and programs; and other matters related to management, operations, and personnel.  A limited number of special police agencies such as transit, airport, or campus police are included in this file.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use in Puerto Rico on a monthly basis.  Uses include "Bakery, Cereal and Related Products"; "Confectionery and Related Products"; "Ice Cream and Related Products"; "Beverages"; "Canned, Bottled and Frozen Foods"; "Multiple and All Other Food Uses", "Non-Food Uses", "Hotels, Restaurants and Institutions";  "Wholesale Grocers, Jobbers and Dealers", "Retail Grocers and Chain Stores", "Deliveries to Government Agencies", and "All Other Deliveries".
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Directives data includes the title and reference number of the directive, along with the Office of Primary Interest, and oftentimes, a specific contact or the writer's name. Directives are the primary means to establish, communicate, and institutionalize policies, requirements, responsibilities, and procedures for Departmental elements and contractors.  They facilitate the achievement of the Department of Energy's strategic and operational goals and help ensure safe, secure, efficient, cost-effective operations and compliance with applicable legal requirements.  The Departmental Directives Program is a DOE-authorized corporate-wide communications and promulgation system.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2010. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive notification of media advisories from the U.S. Department of Education (ED).
This annual report provides a compilation of over 75 downloadable tables of statistical information covering the broad field of education projections from prekindergarten through graduate school through 2020.   Projections of Education Statistics to 2020 is the 39th report in a series begun in 1964. The edition provides projections for key education statistics, including enrollment, graduates, teachers, and expenditures in elementary and secondary public and private schools, as well as enrollment and degrees conferred at postsecondary degree-granting institutions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use in the New England region on a monthly basis.  Uses include "Bakery, Cereal and Related Products"; "Confectionery and Related Products"; "Ice Cream and Related Products"; "Beverages"; "Canned, Bottled and Frozen Foods"; "Multiple and All Other Food Uses", "Non-Food Uses", "Hotels, Restaurants  and Institutions";  "Wholesale Grocers, Jobbers and Dealers", "Retail Grocers and Chain Stores", "Deliveries to Government Agencies", and "All Other Deliveries".
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This is a monthly dataset of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) requests received and processed by the US Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) during the month.  Each record in the dataset is associated with a FOIA request.  It includes the case control number, requester name, document scanned date, and request subject.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Abstract: To provide the user with a general idea of areas where the final critical habitat for Sonora chub (Gila ditaenia) occur based on the description provided in the Federal Register. The geographic extent includes Santa Cruz County, Arizona.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Aggregate retirement data of employee annuitants added to the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
A list of renewable energy projects on US Army installations, as reported for FY 2009
This file contains the National Science Foundation's 2008 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2008. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
Federal Acquisition Service Performance Measures are tracked for each of the four portfolios within the organization (Assisted Acquisition Services; General Supplies and Services; Integrated Technology Services; and Travel, Motor Vehicle, and Card Services) and are reported annually.  Each measure aligns to one of Kaplan and Norton's Balanced Scorecard Perspectives:  customer, stakeholder, internal processes and technology, human capital, and financial.  The results reported here are collected and maintained by the Office of Strategy Management.
This survey, the fifth in the Bureau of Justice Statistics Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) program, presents information on general purpose state and local law enforcement agencies, including state police, county police, municipal police, and sheriff's offices. Variables include size of the population served; type, number, and demographic characteristics of employees; operating budget; agency functions; type of equipment used; use of computer and information systems; salary ranges for officers; policies and programs; and other matters related to management, operations, and personnel.  A limited number of special police agencies such as transit, airport, or campus police are included in this file.
This API returns the geographies specified by a geography name (e.g., Washington) of a specific geography type (e.g., congressional district) within the entire United States.
A map service displaying the boundary that encompasses a Ranger District. This SDE Geodatabase is intended for read-only use. The purpose of the data is to provide display, identification, and analysis tools for determining current boundary information for Forest Service managers, GIS Specialists, and others. Symbolized with fill and outline Labeling turns on at larger scales Best available source with a target scale of 1:24000 for Continental U.S., Puerto Rico, and Hawaii and 1:63360 for Alaska.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Aggregate retirement data of Survivor annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The map depicts Federal Lands Highway (FLH) American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) projects, which are administered through the Federal Lands Divisions (FLD). These include projects that are funded by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), Bureau of Reclamation (BOR), Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS), National Park Service (NPS), the US Forest Service (USFS) and other State-level projects.
Aggregate retirement data of employee annuitants added to the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
Federal Acquisition Service Performance Measures are tracked for each of the four portfolios within the organization (Assisted Acquisition Services; General Supplies and Services; Integrated Technology Services; and Travel, Motor Vehicle, and Card Services) and are reported annually.  Each measure aligns to one of Kaplan and Norton's Balanced Scorecard Perspectives:  customer, stakeholder, internal processes and technology, human capital, and financial.  The results reported here are collected and maintained by the Office of Strategy Management.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
Aggregate retirement data of annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employees and survivor annuitants. Geographic distribution by state and territory.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "All Other Uses" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
Aggregate retirement data of employee annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
Contains 2001 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains the images of Petition Decisions from the USPTO Image File Wrapper (IFW) System, one of the components of the USPTO Public Patent Application Information Retrieval (PAIR) System. The images are Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) Revision 6.0 with CCITT Group 4 Compression (single-page TIFFs). The IFW Petition Decisions are organized by an eight digit patent application number (two digit series code plus a six digit application number) ascending. Each zip file contains TIFF image file(s) and a "metadata.xml" file associated with the TIFF image(s) in the zip file. Approximately 18 GB.
Specific Federal Highway Administration Policy and Guidance Statements relating to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The EPA Environmental Appeals Board (EAB) is the final Agency decisionmaker on administrative appeals under all major environmental statutes that the Agency administers.  It is an impartial body independent of all Agency components outside the immediate Office of the Administrator.  The Board typically sits in panels of three judges and makes decisions by majority vote.  Currently, nine experienced attorneys serve as counsel to the Board.  This web page provides access to available EAB decisions.
Access data on aliens removed or returned during fiscal years 1892 to 2010
The 1983 National Jail Census is the fourth in a series of data collection efforts begun in 1970 and aimed at studying the nation's locally administered jails authorized to hold inmates beyond arraignment. Excluded from the census are federal or state-administered facilities, including the combined jail-prison systems in Alaska, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Rhode Island, and Vermont. Variables include the number of inmates by legal status, age and sex, maximum sentence, admissions and releases, facility services, structure and capacity, expenditures, and staff.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
This dataset shows the improper payment experience for the Supplemental  Security Income (SSI) program for fiscal year (FY) 2007 through FY 2010
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset presents information regarding the uranium recovery applications that the NRC is currently reviewing, has completed the licensing action, or are expecting to be submitted.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This survey, the third in the Bureau of Justice Statistics Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) program, presents information on general purpose state and local law enforcement agencies, including state police, county police, municipal police, and sheriff's offices. Variables include size of the population served; type, number, and demographic characteristics of employees; operating budget; agency functions; type of equipment used; use of computer and information systems; salary ranges for officers; policies and programs; and other matters related to management, operations, and personnel.  A limited number of special police agencies such as transit, airport, or campus police are included in this file.
Summarizes the US Treasury's cash and debt operations for the Federal Government on a modified cash basis. Deposits are reported as received and withdrawals are reported as processed.
Abstract: These data identify the areas (in general) where final critical habitat for the Scotts Valley polygonum (Polygonum hickmanii) occurs. The boundaries of critical habitat for this species are coincident with the boundaries for Scotts Valley spineflower. The units of critical habitat are within the City of Scotts Valley, Santa Cruz County California.     Purpose: Critical habitat are areas considered essential for the conservation of a listed species. These areas provide notice to the public and land managers the importance of these areas to the conservation of this species. Special protections and/or restrictions are possible in areas where federal funding, permits, licenses, authorizations, or actions occur or are required.
EPA's Comprehensive Procurement Guideline (CPG) designates recycled content products that government agencies should buy.  EPA publishes purchasing guidance and recommendations for recycled content levels in Recovered Material Advisory Notices (RMANs) that accompany each CPG, and updates its guidance annually.  For the convenience of procurement officials, this document represents a compilation of the five RMANs published by EPA to date.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains annual 2007 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
To further transparency and openness, DOE established a policy to document and post online all CX determinations involving classes of actions listed in Appendix B to Subpart D of the DOE NEPA regulations (10 CFR Part 1021). This database contains CX determinations required to be posted under the policy, and also some for which documentation and posting are optional, i.e., determinations involving classes of actions listed in Appendix A or made before the policy's effective date of November 2, 2009.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Attorney General has delegated to the Office of Legal Counsel responsibility for preparing the formal opinions of the Attorney General, rendering opinions and legal advice to the various Executive Branch agencies, assisting the Attorney General in the performance of his function as legal adviser to the President, and rendering opinions to the Attorney General and the heads of the various organizational units of the Department of Justice.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
NNSA uses NNSA Policies (NAPs) and Supplemental Directives (SDs) as its primary means to establish, communicate, and institutionalize policies, requirements, responsibilities, and procedures specific to NNSA elements and contractors. NAPs impart policy and requirements unique to the Administration or provide short-term notices until more formal direction can be provided. SDs are utilized, in conjunction with the Department's Directives System to indicate how NNSA will implement a Departmental directive in a cost efficient manner.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This site provides national- and industry-level estimates of jobs supported by exports of manufactured goods from the United States.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Includes surveillance reports, and data taken from survellience reports, submitted to the NRC in compliance with 10 CFR Part 50 Appendix H.  Data characterizes the effect of neutron irradiation embrittlement on the mechanical properties of the steel reactor pressure vessel.
Information about Federal Home Loan Bank members as of March 31, 2010.
Listing of materials printed by OSC on an annual basis
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Listing of Training attended my OSC employees on a yearly basis
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2005 are summarized in this table of key variables.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2004 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The Department of Veterans Affairs delivers benefits and medical care services to Veterans and their families. VA uses directives, policies, handbooks, and memoranda to ensure delivery of benefits and care is consistent across VA. This tool is used to find directives, policies, handbooks, and memoranda.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Aggregate retirement data of Survivor annuitants added to the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2006 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2003 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Office of Hazardous Materials Safety (OHMS) provides written clarifications of the Hazardous Materials Regulations (HMR; 49 CFR Parts 100-185) in the form of interpretation letters.  These letters reflect the agency's current application of the HMR to the specific facts presented by the person requesting the clarification.  Interpretations are one form of Guidance provided by OHMS.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Oversees programs and strategies to improve the domestic and international competitiveness of the U.S. fiber, textiles and apparel industries and to assist importers and retailers in facilitating fair trade practices affecting textiles and apparel goods.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Aggregate retirement data of Survivor annuitants added to the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2006 are summarized in this table of key variables.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Feed of administrative notices published by the US Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency.
Field Samples are physical media collected during the response which are subsequently analyzed either in a laboratory or in the field using InSitu equipment.  Common field samples include air filters and soil samples.  Radiochemistry analysis typically reports the presence of specific radionuclides measured as total activity or as either activity/unit of mass or activity/unit of volume, depending upon the sample media.  In addition, total beta and total alpha activity may be reported. Currently, air filter and soil sample analysis results may be downloaded through the data repository.  Both data sets are similar; they contain a number of columns describing the collected sample as well as the results of radiochemical analysis.  In addition, there are a number of special fields that are specific to a given sample type; e.g. Air Filters specify the filter type and total volume, while soil samples specify the sample weight. For convenience, the sample information and subsequent analysis has been Ã''flattenedÃ'" into a simple tabular format.  Consequently, if a sample has multiple analysis results the Ã''sample collectionÃ'" values will be repeated through the set; e.g. sample ID#, barcode, latitude/longitude, collection date etc.  To be included in the data repository, a given sample must meet the following criteria: has a valid latitude, longitude, and collection date; has been sent to a laboratory for analysis, or had analysis performed in the field; has at least one valid analysis result with a reportable unit, nuclide, and activity which has been validated by an authorized laboratory staff member.
"Conservation Reserve Program Contract Expirations  (acreage that expired and left the program) by fiscal year and State for 2005-2009."
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
FVAP data from the 2008 post election survey of active duty military on absentee voting. Data produced helps leaders decide on legislation and policy.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the North Atlantic, Caribbean Sea, and Gulf of Mexcio.
Contains 1995 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2010 election cycle. The  corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2010 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of EAC's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
Increased productivity is the main contributor to growth in U.S. agriculture. This data set provides estimates of productivity growth in the U.S. farm sector over the period 1948-2008, and estimates of the growth and relative levels of productivity across the individual States for the 1960-2004 period.
The DOE Green Energy Widget searches the DOE Green Energy Portal to find available bibliographic citations, technical reports and patent information on different types of renewable energy resources and energy conservation, such as solar, wind, bioenergy, hydroelectric and geothermal. For example, R&D on different types of vehicle technology, as well as studies regarding electricity and other power sources, are available. Subject areas include but are not limited to hydrogen, solar energy, tidal and wave power, energy storage, and direct energy conversion.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feeds to disseminate latest advisories and graphics for a current storm in the Eastern Pacific.
Comprehensive listing of foreign antidumping and antisubsidy (countervailing duty) actions involving U.S. exports.  Actions (whether active investigations, measures or reviews) are listed by country and are tracked regularly and updated as needed.  Information regarding each action includes date of initiation, preliminary and final determinations and the associated range of AD/CVD measures in the form of duties or margins, other countries affected by the measure and when the measure is terminated or expires.  Users are able to review all active actions for a particular foreign country, as well as view the historical archive of foreign AD/CVD actions.
This dataset shows the number of nonimmigrant visa issuances organized by visa category (including dependent categories) and nationality for Fiscal Years 1997-2010.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2006-2008. Available for geographic areas with populations of 20,000 or more.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This API returns all the speed test results for the entire United States.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gas Condensing Water Heaters that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of stocks, production, imports, sales, and deliveries to FSA on a monthly basis.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The notices and orders concerning the institution and/or settlement of administrative proceedings issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2009.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
National Data Buoy Center (NDBC) is a part of the National Weather Service (NWS). NDBC designs, develops, operates, and maintains a network of data collecting buoys and coastal stations. NDBC's virtual tour will give you an overview of what NDBC does, the facilities, the atmospheric and oceanographic variables measured, and the use of these data. NWS forecasters need frequent, high-quality marine observations to examine conditions for forecast preparation and to verify their forecasts after they are produced. Other users rely on the observations and forecasts for commercial and recreational activities. NDBC provides regular observations from a network of about 110 buoys and 60 Coastal Marine Automated Network (C-MAN) stations, and 55 Tropical Atmosphere Ocean (TAO) stations, to help meet these needs. All stations measure wind speed, direction, and gust; barometric pressure; and air temperature. In addition, all buoy stations, and some C-MAN stations, measure sea surface temperature and wave height and period. Conductivity and water current are measured at selected stations. NDBC also operates an array of 39 DART (Tsunami) stations.  In addition NDBC provides information from Integrated Ocean Observing System (IOOS) partner stations, oil and gas platforms in the Gulf of Mexico, and National Ocean Service (NOS) stations.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2004 are summarized in this table of key variables.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Aggregate retirement data of employee annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employee annuitants. Distribution by retirement plan.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The National Weather Service (NWS) National Hurricane Center uses regularly updated RSS feed to disseminate an East Pacific Tropical Weather Discussion.
The GOES Imager is a five-channel (one visible, four infrared) imaging radiometer designed to sense radiant and solar reflected energy from sampled areas of the earth. GVAR is the data transmission format used to broadcast environmental data measured by the independent  GOES Imager and Sounder instruments, beginning with GOES-8 launched in 1994. Data distribution formats available are raw, AREA, NetCDF, GIF, and JPEG.  Purpose: To monitor the atmosphere for severe weather development such as tornadoes, flash floods, hailstorms, and hurricanes.  When these conditions develop, the GOES satellites can track storms on a minute-to-minute basis.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This widget allows users to find selected science information provided by 12 U.S. Government agencies. The Science.gov interagency portal contains over 45 databases and 2,000 selected websites, offering 200 million pages of authoritative U.S. government science information, including research and development results. Science.gov is governed by the Science.gov Alliance of federal agencies and is supported by CENDI.  Science.gov Alliance Participants:  Department of Agriculture, National Agricultural Library, United States Forest Service, Department of Commerce, National Institute of Standards and Technology, National Technical Information Service, Department of Defense, Defense Technical Information Center, Department of Energy, Office of Scientific and Technical Information, Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, National Institutes of Health, National Library of Medicine, Department of Interior, United States Geological Survey, Department of Transportation, National Transportation Library, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Environmental Information, Office of Research and Development, Library of Congress, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Scientific and Technical Information Program, National Archives and Records Administration, National Science Foundation.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
GSA e-Buy, is an electronic Request for Quote (RFQ) / Request for Proposal (RFP) system designed to allow government buyers to request information, find sources, and prepare RFQs/RFPs, online, for millions of services and products offered through GSA's Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) and GSA Technology Contracts. Government buyers can use eBuy to obtain quotes or proposals for services, large quantity purchases, big ticket items, and purchases with complex requirements. Buyers may use e-Buy to evaluate and accept the quotation that represents the best value. Buyers may then make award to any contractor whose quotation was accepted. The e-Buy Award dataset are the award data collected by e-Buy for a given fiscal year.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2006. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme.  When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2003 are summarized in this table of key variables.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2007. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Wholesale Grocers, Jobbers and Sugar Dealers" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This State-level data about infants and toddlers with disabilities, served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part C, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about early intervention and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on aliens removed by criminal status and region and country of nationality fiscal years 2002 to 2011
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2005-2009. Available for all geographic areas.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2006 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of stocks, production, imports, sales, and deliveries to FSA on a monthly basis.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
GSA e-Buy, is an electronic Request for Quote (RFQ) / Request for Proposal (RFP) system designed to allow government buyers to request information, find sources, and prepare RFQs/RFPs, online, for millions of services and products offered through GSA's Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) and GSA Technology Contracts. Government buyers can use eBuy to obtain quotes or proposals for services, large quantity purchases, big ticket items, and purchases with complex requirements. Buyers may use e-Buy to evaluate and accept the quotation that represents the best value. Buyers may then make award to any contractor whose quotation was accepted. The e-Buy Award dataset are the award data collected by e-Buy for a given fiscal year.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains annual 2006 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Costa Rica FTA Tariff Schedule
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Highway Statistics is a national transportation publication providing annual information covering highway travel, travel condition, infrastructure performance, highwqay financing, highway fuel usage, registered vehicles, and licensed drivers.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The China agricultural and economic database is a collection of agricultural-related data from official statistical publications of the People's Republic of China. Analysts and policy professionals around the world need information about the rapidly changing Chinese economy, but statistics are often published only in China and sometimes only in Chinese-language publications. This product assembles a wide variety of data items covering agricultural production, inputs, prices, food consumption, output of industrial products relevant to the agricultural sector, and macroeconomic data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Provides broad-based monthly statistical data on current economic conditions and indications of future production commitments in the manufacturing sector.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2005 data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
Contains 2003 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
TTB is required to make available to the public records that are requested and released on a frequent basis. We have provided links to listings of alcohol industry members who hold permits under the Federal Alcohol Administration Act. These permits allow production, bottling, importation or distribution of beverage alcohol products. Internal Revenue Code (IRC) rules that protect taxpayer records from disclosure prevent the publication of lists for brewers, industrial alcohol producers and users, as well as all tobacco permit holders. Protected information concerning these types of businesses is not available to the public.
First published in 1878, the Statistical Abstract serves as the official federal summary of statistics and provides over 1,400 tables of benchmark measures on the demographic, housing, social, political, and economic condition of the United States.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The "NGAP" system is a web based application which serves NGAP GSA users for tracking information details for various natural gas supply chain elements like Agency, LDC, and Facility with their respective Point of Contacts information. In addition to this, it also maintains the Cost & Usage Data and Invoices for the Facilities under different account managers.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains both (front file and backfile) Trademark Trial and Appeal Board (TTAB) text (no drawings/images) from the 1955 - Present. The file format is eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Trademark Trial and Appeal Board Version 1.0 Document Type Definition (DTD). The backfile contains (1955 - December 31, 2010) and includes (1) zipfile (tt101231-01.zip) 92,549,944 bytes (compressed). The front file contains (January 2011 - Present) and includes a ttyymmdd.zip file for each day. Within each daily zipfile are: ttyymmdd.xml  Approximately 240 KB per daily zipfile.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.

The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This system provides the user with a facility to select a state and county combination to determine if the selected county is part of an Office of Management and Budget (OMB) defined Core Based Statistical Area (CBSA). The system has been updated with OMB area definitions published for FY 2009.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Beverages" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Hotels, Restaurants and Institutions" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
This widget is used to search and view the equipment list and the RSS feed of the latest equipment available through the DOE Laboratory Equipment Donation Program (LEDP), formerly the Energy-Related Laboratory Equipment (ERLE) Grant Program.  The United States Department of Energy (DOE), in accordance with its responsibility to encourage research and development in the energy area, awards grants of used energy-related laboratory equipment.  The Laboratory Equipment Donation Program (LEDP) Grant Program was established by DOE to grant available excess of used energy-related laboratory equipment to middle schools, high schools, universities, colleges, junior colleges, technical institutes, museums, or hospitals in the United States for use in energy oriented educational programs. This grant program is sponsored by the DOE Office of Workforce Development for Teachers and Scientists (WDTS).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Tallies of  Voting Districts, State Legislative Districts, School Districts, Traffic Analysis Zones, and ZIP Code Tabulation Areas, by state.
Antidumping and Countervailing Duty decision published in the Federal Register and their accompanying unpublished issues and decision memoranda.
In administering Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations CFR Part 77, the prime objectives of the FAA are to promote air safety and the efficient use of the navigable airspace. To accomplish this mission, aeronautical studies are conducted based on information provided by proponents on an FAA Form 7460-1, Notice of Proposed Construction or Alteration. Advisory Circular 70/7460-1K, Obstruction Marking and Lighting, describes the standards for marking and lighting structures such as buildings, chimneys, antenna towers, cooling towers, storage tanks, supporting structures of overhead wires, etc. This report lists cases that have been determined
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains the full text, images/drawings, and complex work units (tables, mathematical expressions, genetic sequence data, and chemical structures) of each patent grant issued weekly (Tuesdays) from January 2, 2001 to Present. The file formats are Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Grant Version 2.4 Document Type Definition (DTD) and eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Grant Version 2.5; 4.0 International Common Element (ICE); 4.1 ICE; and 4.2 ICE Document Type Definitions (DTDs). Tables and sequence data are included using CALS markup. Mathematical expressions are included using MATHML markup and external Mathematica Notebook (NB) files. Chemical structures are represented by external CambridgeSoft Corp. ChemDraw (CDX) files and MDL Information Systems (MOL) files. Drawings, mathematical expressions, and chemical structures are also included as external Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) Revision 6.0 with CCITT Group 4 Compression image files. Each weekly file contains approximately 4,000 patent grants. There can be an optional weekly Supplemental zipfile that contains lengthy genetic sequence listings (anything over 300 pages) or a lengthy tables (anything over 200 pages). Approximately 836 MB per week.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's 2007 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2007. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training. Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices.   Sub-Saharan Africa Regional Reports include: Participants by Employment Type Participants by Field of Activity Inventory of Participants by Country Participants by Federal Sponsor
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2010 estimates of health insurance coverage by age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level and by age, sex, and income categories at the county level. The Interactive Map tool is provided for ease of access to these data
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This table contains the total number of applications for permit to drill (APDs) by state that had not been drilled as of Sept. 30, 2011.  Oil and gas operators may not begin drilling activities on a lease without an approved APD.
In FY 2010, HUD's Multifamily's 18 Hubs initially endorsed 1011 loans totaling $11.3 billion and providing 170,672 units/ beds. FY 10's $11.3 billion is the highest dollar volume HUD Hubs have ever closed in one fiscal year and FY 10's 1011 loan count exceeds loan counts for each of FY 05 thru FY 09.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of stocks, production, imports, sales, and deliveries to FSA on a monthly basis.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Resident Characteristics Report summarizes general information about households who reside in Public Housing, or who receive Section 8 assistance. The report provides aggregate demographic and income information that allows for an analysis of the scope and effectiveness of housing agency operations. The data used to create the report is updated once a month from IMS/PIC.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Long-range (75-year) projections of receipts, spending, deficit, and interest on the public debt.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Teaching American History supports professional development for U.S. history teachers.  This data-focused toolset site contains data visualizations and downloads related to the open grantmaking program.   The program is designed to raise student achievement by improving teachers' knowledge and understanding of and appreciation for traditional U.S. history. Grant awards will assist LEAs, in partnership with entities that have content expertise, to develop, document, evaluate, and disseminate innovative and cohesive models of professional development. By helping teachers to develop a deeper understanding and appreciation of U.S. history as a separate subject matter within the core curriculum, these programs will improve instruction and raise student achievement.  CFDA Number: 84.215X
Decisions, rulings, railroad adjudication, economic regulation of surface transportation, rulemakings, petitions
The Public Papers of the Presidents, which is compiled and published by the Office of the Federal Register, National Archives and Records Administration, began in 1957 in response to a recommendation of the National Historical Publications Commission. Noting the lack of uniform compilations of messages and papers of the Presidents before this time, the Commission recommended the establishment of an official series in which Presidential writings, addresses, and remarks of a public nature could be made available.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2007-2009. Available for geographic areas with populations of 20,000 or more.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Office of Hearings and Appeals (HG) is the quasi-judicial arm of the Department of Energy that conducts hearings and issues initial Departmental decisions with respect to a wide range of legal issues and programs delegated to the Office by the Secretary of Energy, including: 1) personnel security clearance eligibility determinations, 2) DOE contractor employee "whistleblower" cases, 3) Freedom of Information and Privacy Act appeals, as well as other appeals involving administrative determinations reached by Department officials, 4) Applications for Exception from the requirements of a DOE rule, regulation or order, and 5) Petitions for Special Redress seeking "extraordinary relief" -- apart from or in addition to -- any other remedy provided in the Department's enabling statutes.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset provides data at the national level from federal fiscal year 2006 onwards for the accuracy of the assignment of Social Security numbers (SSN) based on an end-of line sample review of transactions that result in the release of SSN cards.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Comparison of the numbers of Census Blocks in each state in 2000 and 2010, including numeric change and percent change.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
DTIC has identified 25 broad subject fields and 251 groups to categorize the areas of scientific and technical interest. These fields and groups provide the structure for the subject grouping of technical reports in DTIC's collection and are used to define the areas of need-to-know in distributing these reports. Through this site, you will find the subject coverage for each subject category, as well as cross-references to related fields and groups.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A national survey conducted to measure immigration into and emigration out of the United States.  The universe for the survey are all persons in sample household for the Current Population Survey (CPS).
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
Contains annual 2004 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Natural gas plays a key role in our nation's clean energy future. The U.S. has vast reserves of natural gas that are commercially viable as a result of advances in horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing technologies enabling greater access to gas in shale formations.  Responsible development of America's shale gas resources offers important economic, energy security, and environmental benefits.  EPA is working with states and other key stakeholders to help ensure that natural gas extraction does not come at the expense of public health and the environment. The Agency's focus and obligations under the law are to provide oversight, guidance and, where appropriate, rulemaking that achieve the best possible protections for the air, water and land where Americans live, work and play. The Agency is investing in improving our scientific understanding of hydraulic fracturing, providing regulatory clarity with respect to existing laws, and deploying existing authorities to enhance health and environmental safeguards.  Links on this page:      Improving our scientific understanding of hydraulic fracturing     Providing regulatory clarity and protections against known risks     Ensuring that hydraulic fracturing using diesel fuels is properly permitted      Ensuring the safe disposal of wastewater and stormwater from hydraulic fracturing activities      Underground injection control (UIC) of waste disposal fluids from oil and gas wells (Class II wells)      Wastewater discharges to treatment facilities      Stormwater discharges from oil and gas operations or transmission facilities      Use of disposal ponds and impoundments      Recycling of wastewater      Addressing air quality impacts associated with hydraulic fracturing activities     Assuring compliance     Promoting transparency and conducting outreach
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2005 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use in the South region on a monthly basis.  Uses include "Bakery, Cereal and Related Products"; "Confectionery and Related Products"; "Ice Cream and Related Products"; "Beverages"; "Canned, Bottled and Frozen Foods"; "Multiple and All Other Food Uses", "Non-Food Uses", "Hotels, Restaurants and Institutions";  "Wholesale Grocers, Jobbers and Dealers", "Retail Grocers and Chain Stores", "Deliveries to Government Agencies", and "All Other Deliveries".
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use in the West region on a monthly basis.  Uses include "Bakery, Cereal and Related Products"; "Confectionery and Related Products"; "Ice Cream and Related Products"; "Beverages"; "Canned, Bottled and Frozen Foods"; "Multiple and All Other Food Uses", "Non-Food Uses", "Hotels, Restaurants and Institutions";  "Wholesale Grocers, Jobbers and Dealers", "Retail Grocers and Chain Stores", "Deliveries to Government Agencies", and "All Other Deliveries".
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Government Tax Collections report provides a summary of taxes collected by state for up to 25 tax categories. These tables and data files present the details on tax collections by type of tax imposed and collected by state governments.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The low-level significant weather (SIGWX) graphical product is a forecast of aviation weather hazards, primarily intended to be used as a guidance product for briefing the VFR pilot. The forecast domain covers the 48 contiguous states, southern Canada and the coastal waters for altitudes below 24,000 ft.  It depict freezing levels, turbulence, and low cloud ceilings and/or restrictions to visibility, fronts and precipitation areas.  NOAA's National Weather Service Aviation Center (AWC) provides a suite of SIGWX forecast products for the World Area Forecast Center (WAFC) in Washington, D.C. These products are used directly by airline dispatchers for flight planning and weather briefing before departure, and by flight crew.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of stocks, production, imports, sales, and deliveries to FSA on a monthly basis.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Confectionery and Related Products" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition for their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. EEOC collects labor force data from state and local governments with 100 or more employees within 50 U.S. states and District of Columbia. The reporting agencies provide information on their employment totals, employees' job category and salary by sex and race/ethnic groups as of June 30 of the survey year. Since 1993 the EEO4 survey is conducted biennially in every odd-numbered year. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individual identifiable information. However data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by government types and functions for state and local governments are available.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's (NSF's) 2001 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2001. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains annual 2007 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Bakery, Cereal and Related Products" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
The dataset includes design elements, installed capacity, production capability, associated costs and cost -to-benefit ratios for nearly 200 water storing and conveying structures currently maintained by the Bureau of Reclamation.  These data were used to support the internal study and report for assessing hydropower capability at 70 of Reclamation's existing facilities where hydropower has not been developed.  The dataset can further be leveraged to support applications designed to provide a better understanding of our hydropower production potential and resource utilization.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.

Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Food Desert Locator provides a spatial overview of low-income neighborhoods with high concentrations of people who are far from a supermarket or large grocery store. This mapping tool will allow users to map food deserts-areas with limited access to affordable and nutritious foods-and view census tract-level statistics on population groups with low access to healthy and affordable food.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A gateway to over 34,000 Web sites and databases worldwide, containing over 5.5 million e-prints in basic and applied sciences, primarily in physics but also including subject areas such as chemistry, biology and life sciences, materials science, nuclear sciences and engineering, energy research, computer and information technologies, and other disciplines of interest to DOE.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A list of Significant Guidance documents, which include guidance document disseminated to regulated entities or the general public that may reasonably be anticipated to lead to an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or communities; create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by another agency; materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in Executive Order 12866, as further amended.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This is a monthly dataset of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) requests received and processed by the US Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) during the month.  Each record in the dataset is associated with a FOIA request.  It includes the case control number, requester name, document scanned date, and request subject.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Contains 2002 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Capital Projects application (CPA) provides users with the ability to maintain project related financial data for Budget Activity (BA) 51, 55, 64, 01, 02, 03, 04.  CPA maintains extensive project related data for single year and multiple year funded projects for these budget activities.  CPA maintains transaction details of the amount appropriated and obligated over the course of the project at the project level.  The information contained in CPA is used daily by field personnel and serves as the system of record when responding to Office of management and Budget (OMB) and Congress.  CPA interfaces with Business Information System (BIS) and performs daily downloads of obligation data for BA51, BA55, BA64, BA01, BA02, BA03, BA04, segmented by budget activity, region, and project status and type.  Accessible through the PBS Portal CPA data elements include Region, Projects Number, Project Name/Location, Status, Project Manager, Balance Amounts, and Authorization/Schedules for single and multiple year funds projects.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Opinions issued on Americans with Disabilities Act compliance
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Discover university research departments and libraries nationwide that connect to DOE research. Find a wealth of opportunities, tools, and resources for institutions, researchers, faculty, and students.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The dataset represents the Networx Universal and Enterprise business volume by contractor, agency, contract vehicle and month for the centralized billing account. This represents the business volume of each government agency that has ordered telecommunications services from the Networx contract.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This widget allows users to search Science Accelerator, a gateway to science, including DOE R&D results, major R&D accomplishments, and recent research of interest to U.S. Department of Energy, via resources made available by the Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI).   This federated search tool allows users to search eleven OSTI produced scientific databases and search tools with one inquiry.  Resources searched:  DOE Information Bridge, DOE R&D Accomplishments, DOE Data Explorer, DOEpatents, DOE Green Energy, Energy Citations Database, Energy Science and Technology Software Center, Science Journals Connector, Science Conference Proceedings, E-print Network, ScienceCinema
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
2009 Veteran life insurance expenditures by state.  Expenditures represented the actual disbursements from Insurance's Award and Inforce systems.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of stocks, production, imports, sales, and deliveries to FSA on a monthly basis.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Airport Environmental Program helps airports implement the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and other Federal environmental laws and regulations. This includes airport noise compatibility planning (Part 150), airport noise and access restrictions (Part 161), environmental review for airport development, and the application of the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970. The data set contains Records of Decision (ROD) for Environmental Impact Statements (EIS) unless otherwise noted.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
View tables with key data and download tables on basic Vocational Rehabilitation (VR) programs for each state agency.  The tables (in MS Excel file format) provide information on consumer outcomes, ages, wages earned and hours worked during past fiscal years. They also provide financial breakdowns of expenditures by vocational rehabilitation agencies as well as information on referrals sources, services provided to individuals, counselor caseloads and eligibility rates. Tables cover consumer information and information on VR agency expenditures.  While several programs exist to assist individuals with disabilities to become employed, the primary one overseen by the Department of Education is the vocational rehabilitation (VR) program. Under Title I of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (Act), states receive federal grants to operate a comprehensive VR program. These funds are awarded to designated state VR agencies within each state. This state-operated program is designed to assess, plan, develop and provide VR services to eligible individuals with disabilities, consistent with their strengths, resources, priorities, concerns, abilities, capabilities, interests and informed choice. By providing services in this way, the VR program enables individuals with disabilities to prepare for and engage in employment.  For data after 2005, see rsa.ed.gov.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities of stocks, production, imports, sales, and deliveries to FSA on a monthly basis.
Fiscal Year 2010 life insurance payments, face value of Insurance, and total number of policies by state.  Data were derived from Actuarial reports, including FY 2010 Statement of Cash Flows, FY 2010 Policy Exhibit, and FY 2010 State of Residency Report.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This list was prepared to help firms handling chemicals determine whether they need to submit reports under sections 302, 304, or 313 of the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986 (EPCRA) and, for a specific chemical, what reports may need to be submitted. It will also help firms determine whether they will be subject to accident prevention regulations under Clean Air Act (CAA) section 112(r).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Office of General Counsel issues memoranda, opinions, and determinations (including class determinations), many of which are for internal Agency use only. However, a number of OGC documents are publicly available in electronic legal research databases such as LexisNexis and Westlaw. Some are published in the Federal Register, and a number, listed on this web page, appear in printed compilations available in most EPA libraries, including the Office of General Counsel Law Library.  Other publicly-available Office of General Counsel documents are available on this web page, grouped by topic: Information Law; Pesticides and Toxic Substances; Water
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Census Bureau maintains the ANSI (formerly FIPS) codes for Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Areas.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 1 FAM 310-360 contains documentation pertaining to the following administrative components:   - 310 Bureau of Legislative Affairs - 320 Bureau of Public Affairs - 330 Bureau of International Organization Affairs - 340 Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs - 350 Bureau of International Information Programs - 360 Office of Medical Services
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training. Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices.   Western Hemisphere Affairs include: Participants by Employment Type Participants by Field of Activity Inventory of Participants by Country Participants by Federal Sponsor
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 1996 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
RSS Feed of press releases issued by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Fossil Energy
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training.  Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices.   East Asia and the Pacific Regional Reports include: Participants by Employment Type Participants by Field of Activity Inventory of Participants by Country Participants by Federal Sponsor
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Strategic Plan focuses on incorporating three overarching goals: Warfighter Support Enhancement; Stewardship Excellence; and Workforce Development.  These three goals and their core strategies require warfighter-focused, globally responsive supply chain leadership. This is DLA's vision and pledge of support to the men and women we serve, our many mission partners, and our stakeholders.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Annual Energy Outlook 2011 presents projections and forecasts of energy supply, demand, and prices through 2035 prepared by the Energy Information Administration (EIA). The projections cover natural gas, petroleum, coal, electricity and renewable fuels by sector (residential, commercial, industrial, electric generation, and transportation) and by region (census).  The projections are based on results from EIA's National Energy Modeling System (NEMS)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The U.S. Department of Education developed this broadband availability map and search engine as part of a collaborative effort with the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). This education-focused broadband map and database builds upon the NTIA State Broadband Data and Development (SBDD) Program that surveys bi-annually broadband availability and connectivity for the 50 United States, 5 territories, and the District of Columbia
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of January 2011.
USAID's Development Credit Authority (DCA) works with investors, local financial institutions, and development organizations to design and deliver investment alternatives that unlock financing for U.S. Government priorities. Whether it's getting working capital to promising entrepreneurs or input financing to small farmers, DCA seeks to prove the commercial viability of underserved markets so that lending and investment continues long after we exit.  The Development Credit Authority (DCA) uses partial credit guarantees to mobilize local financing in developing countries. Guarantee agreements encourage private lenders to extend financing to underserved borrowers in new sectors and regions. By opening up local channels of financing, USAID is empowering entrepreneurs in developing countries at a minimal cost to the U.S. taxpayer.  This dataset is the complete list of all USAID partial credit guarantees since DCA was established in 1999. This USAID dataset shows the partial credit guarantees that USAID has issued since the development credit authority program was founded in 1999. The spreadsheet reflects the full facility size of each guarantee, how much was lent under the guarantee, the status of the guarantee (i.e., active or expired) , how much in claims the bank submitted due to losses it incurred for loans placed under the guarantee, and how many loans were placed under coverage of the guarantee. The data also shows the sector and country for each guarantee.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Searchable list of carriers currently issued Out of Service Orders by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This State-level data about school-aged children with disabilities (ages 3-21), served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part B, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about special education and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2010 estimates of health insurance coverage by age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level and by age, sex, and income categories at the county level.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Statistical Indicators previously published in Agricultural Outlook addressing a broad spectrum of agriculture-related issues. Includes commodity and food prices, general economic indicators, government program expenditures, farm income estimates, and trade and export statistics.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset shows the number of nonimmigrant visa issuances by class of nonimmigrants  including crewlist visas and border crossing cards, Fiscal Years 1987-2010
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is the standard used by Federal statistical agencies in classifying business establishments for the purpose of collecting, analyzing, and publishing statistical data related to the U.S. business economy.
EPA is conducting soil remediation: contaminated soils are being excavated and hauled offsite to an approved landfill. During soil excavation and backfill activities, we will collect air samples each day to monitor the ambient air for volatile organic compounds (VOCs). At the end of each day, the four summa canisters that have been taking readings will be sent to a lab for analysis. We are measuring approximately 30 different VOCs using the standard lab method TO-15. Results will be compared to the Michigan ambient air standards.  

Acronyms:

AA:	Ambient Air
EA:	Excavation Area
PN: Perimeter North 
PNW: Perimeter Northwest
PS: Perimeter South 
PSW: Perimeter Southwest
ppb: Parts per billion
RPD: Relative Percent Difference
RL: Reporting Limit
MDL: Method Detection Limit


Qualifier definitions:
     *:     Recovery or RPD exceeds control limits
     B:     Compound was found in the blank and sample.
     J:     Result is less than the RL but greater than or equal to the MDL and the concentration is an approximate value.
     U:     Indicates the analyte was analyzed for but not detected.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
DTIC has identified 25 broad subject fields and 251 groups to categorize the areas of scientific and technical interest. These fields and groups provide the structure for the subject grouping of technical reports in DTIC's collection and are used to define the areas of need-to-know in distributing these reports. Through this site, you will find the subject coverage for each subject category, as well as cross-references to related fields and groups.
This dataset contains a list of products that carry the Design for the Environment (DfE) label. This mark enables consumers to quickly identify and choose products that can help protect the environment and are safer for families.  When you see the DfE logo on a product it means that the DfE scientific review team has screened each ingredient for potential human health and environmental effects and that-based on currently available information, EPA predictive models, and expert judgment-the product contains only those ingredients that pose the least concern among chemicals in their class.  Product manufacturers who become DfE partners, and earn the right to display the DfE logo on recognized products, have invested heavily in research, development and reformulation to ensure that their ingredients and finished product line up on the green end of the health and environmental spectrum while maintaining or improving product performance.  EPA's Design for the Environment Program (DfE) has allowed use of their logo on over 2500 products. These products are formulated from the safest possible ingredients and have reduced the use of "chemicals of concern" by hundreds of millions of pounds.  A Spanish version of this dataset is available for download at http://www.epa.gov/dfe/pubs/products/list_of_labeled_products.html
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training.  Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices.   Eurasia Regional Reports include: Participants by Employment Type Participants by Field of Activity Inventory of Participants by Country Participants by Federal Sponsor
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Construction Spending provides monthly estimates of the total dollar value of construction work done in the U.S.  Construction Spending covers the dollar construction work done each month on new structures or improvements to existing structures for private and public sectors. Data estimates include the cost of labor and materials, cost of architectural and engineering work, overhead costs, interest and taxes paid during construction, and contractor's profits.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A list of Significant Guidance documents, which include guidance document disseminated to regulated entities or the general public that may reasonably be anticipated to lead to an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or communities; create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by another agency; materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in Executive Order 12866, as further amended.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's (NSF's) 2011 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2011. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Provides a history of the evaluation by CIO ratings and comments.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's (NSF's) 1998 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 1998. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
FOIA Electronic Reading Room - Final Opinions/Orders in Adjudicated Cases
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Opinions issued on Buy America
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
FishWatch is designed to help you make informed decisions about the seafood you eat. It can also help you understand the management and science requirements involved with building and maintaining sustainable fisheries.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Railroad Safety Advisories issued by the Federal Railroad Administration
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Administrative Law Judge Opinions from the Office of the Secretary of Transportation may include, but are not limited to, Aviation Safety Civil Penalty Decisions, Hazardous Materials Safety Civil Penalty Decisions, Motor Carrier Safety Civil Penalty Decisions, Airport-Airline Fees/Rates and Charges Decisions, Aviation Economic Violation Enforcement Proceedings, Aviation Economic Orders and Decisions, Airline Prices/Routes/Services Preemption Decisions, Aviation Enforcement Consent Orders, and Aviation Economic Decisions
Contains annual 2005 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's (NSF's) 2010 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2010. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This API returns all the wireline providers within a US census block given a passed latitude and longitude.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Cities, towns, and villages that have been incorporated, disincorporated, or changed their name  between 2000 and 2010.  Includes effective dates and city, county, and state names and codes.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reanalysis is a scientific method to combine observations and models for developing a comprehensive record of how weather and climate are changing over time. A reanalysis dataset typically extends over several decades or longer, and covers the entire globe from the Earth's surface to well above the stratosphere.  Reanalysis products are used extensively in climate research and services, including for monitoring and comparing current climate conditions with those of the past, identifying the causes of climate variations and change, and preparing climate predictions. Recently, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), National Aeronautical and Space Administration (NASA), European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF), and Japanese Meterological Agency (JMA) have produced new reanalysis datasets that, in total, span 1871 to present. It is crucial to our scientific understanding of climate variability and change that these new datasets be validated and compared with each other and with the underlying observations. International working groups of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS, the climate element of the Global Earth Observing System of Systems) and the World Climate Research Program, and the Atmospheric Circulation Reconstruction over the Earth (ACRE) initiative need a community portal to exchange quickly and disseminate publicly results of such intercomparisons. NOAA's own mission and strategic goals regarding reanalyzes, as well as its leading role in the US Global Change Research Program, GCOS, WCRP, and ACRE, make NOAA the logical and obvious choice to serve a website dedicated to improving understanding of the international reanalysis datasets, including those recently generated by NOAA, the 20th Century Reanalysis and Climate Forecast System Reanalysis.  The new website "reanalyses.org" will serve as a central portal for Reanalysis Intercomparison and Observations (RIO) by NOAA, NASA, ECMWF, JMA, and national and international scientists. The website should be outside the "noaa.gov" domain. It will help NOAA and the international scientific community to improve the climate science and services that reanalyzes underpin.  NOAA strategic plans and US Global Climate Research Program plans to which NOAA Office of Atmospheric Research and the new NOAA Climate Service will respond specifically call for advances in understanding reanalysis datasets. The RIO will coordinate with the NOAA Climate Services portal to make the intercomparison and observation documentation public.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This Widget provides access to all FSA State National News releases. The widget may be embedded into your website or blog with code provided using either Flash or Javascript.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2006 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
State profiles for prevalence of serious mental illness and substance use disorders among States for individuals eligible for Medicaid and Affordable Health Insurance Exchanges.
This annual report provides a compilation of over 50 downloadable tables of statistical information covering demographics, school-related characteristics, employment-related characteristics, activities outside of school and work, health and wellness and future goals related to the lives of youth.  This report examines numerous aspects of the lives of youth and young adults, ages 14 to 24, in the United States over the last several decades. The report features status and trend data from multiple surveys on the distribution of youth and their family structure; on school-, employment-, and health-related factors; and on future plans.
FOIA Electronic Reading Room - Final Opinions/Orders in Adjudicated Cases
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Partnership for Sustainable Communities is comprised of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), the US Department of Transportation (DOT), and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use in the Mid Atlantic region on a monthly basis.  Uses include "Bakery, Cereal and Related Products"; "Confectionery and Related Products"; "Ice Cream and Related Products"; "Beverages"; "Canned, Bottled and Frozen Foods"; "Multiple and All Other Food Uses", "Non-Food Uses", "Hotels, Restaurants and Institutions";  "Wholesale Grocers, Jobbers and Dealers", "Retail Grocers and Chain Stores", "Deliveries to Government Agencies", and "All Other Deliveries".
This dataset provides data at the national level for overall satisfaction of customers who have used one of the main methods for conducting business with SSA.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
British Petroleum (BP) provided data file from its Oil &  Gas Recovery efforts at its off-shore leaking well. This graphic shows the depths and sizes of the different casings installed during the well's construction.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Canned, Bottled and Frozen Foods" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Government Agencies" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Multiple and All Other Food Uses" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
Contains 2001 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
Mineral facilities and operations outside the United States compiled by the National Minerals Information Center of the USGS. This compilation represents five previous publications that represented specific areas of the world. This publication supersedes Mineral operations of Latin America and Canada, and Mineral operations of Africa and the Middle East (Reference the Bibliographic Citation Section).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The LEPC data set contains over 3000 listings, as of 2008, for name and location data identifying Local Emergency Planning Committees (LEPCs).  LEPCs are people responsible to develop an emergency response plan, review it at least annually, and provide information about chemicals in the community to citizens.  Plans are developed by LEPCs with stakeholder participation. There is one LEPC for each of the more than 3,000 designated local emergency planning districts. The LEPC membership must include (at a minimum):  Elected state and local officials; Police, fire, civil defense, and public health professionals; Environment, transportation, and hospital officials; Facility representatives; Representatives from community groups and the media.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Crash Statistics are summarized crash statistics for large trucks and buses involved in fatal and non-fatal Crashes that occurred in the United States. These statistics are derived from two sources:  the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) and the Motor Carrier Management Information System (MCMIS). Crash Statistics contain information that can be used to identify safety problems in specific geographical areas or to compare state statistics to the national crash figures.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training. Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices.   South Asia Regional Reports include: Participants by Employment Type Participants by Field of Activity Inventory of Participants by Country Participants by Federal Sponsor
Contains the full text, images/drawings, and complex work units (tables, mathematical expressions, genetic sequence data, and chemical structures) of each patent application publication (non-provisional utility and plant) published weekly (Thursdays) from March 15, 2001 to Present. The file formats are eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Application Version 1.5; 1.6; 4.0 International Common Element (ICE); 4.1 ICE; and 4.2 ICE Document Type Definitions (DTDs). Tables and sequence data are included using CALS markup. Mathematical expressions are included using MATHML markup and external Mathematica Notebook (NB) files. Chemical structures are represented by external CambridgeSoft Corp. ChemDraw (CDX) files and MDL Information Systems (MOL) files. Drawings, mathematical expressions, and chemical structures are also included as external Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) Revision 6.0 with CCITT Group 4 Compression image files. Each weekly file contains approximately 5,000 published patent applications. There can be an optional weekly Supplemental zipfile that contains lengthy genetic sequence listings (anything over 300 pages) or a lengthy tables (anything over 200 pages). Approximately 1.5 GB per week.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
In administering Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations CFR Part 77, the prime objectives of the FAA are to promote air safety and the efficient use of the navigable airspace. To accomplish this mission, aeronautical studies are conducted based on information provided by proponents on an FAA Form 7460-1, Notice of Proposed Construction or Alteration. Advisory Circular 70/7460-1K, Obstruction Marking and Lighting, describes the standards for marking and lighting structures such as buildings, chimneys, antenna towers, cooling towers, storage tanks, supporting structures of overhead wires, etc. This report lists cases that have been determined
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Tracks month-to-month trends for sales and inventories of U.S. distributors, jobbers, drop shippers, and import/export merchants, excluding manufacturers' sales branches or offices (MSBOs).  Provides constant dollar values of sales and end-of-month inventories.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on aliens returned during fiscal year 2010
This dataset analyzes waste from the the British Petroleum Deepwater Horizon Rig Explosion Emergency Response, providing opportunity to query data sets by metadata criteria and find resulting raw datasets in CSV format.The data query tool allows users to download air, water and sediment sampling and monitoring data that has been collected in response to the BP oil spill. All sampling and monitoring data that has been collected to date is available for download as raw structured data.The query tools enables CSV file creation to be refined based on the following search criteria: date range (between April 28, 2010 and 9/29/2010); location by zip, city, or county; media (solid waste, weathered oil, air, surface water, liquid waste, tar, sediment, water); substance categories (based on media selection) and substances (based on substance category selection).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Federal Mail Expenditures
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2007. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARIZONA, as of January 2011.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset lists all government contractors previously available under FOIA.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Opinions issued on charter buses under pre-2008 regulations
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
ERDDAP (the Environmental Research Division's Data Access Program) is a data server that gives you a simple, consistent way to download subsets of scientific datasets in common file formats and make graphs and maps. This particular ERDDAP installation has oceanographic data (for example, data from satellites and buoys).   CoastWatch has expanded from POES/AVHRR SST data for the East Coast to providing a variety of environmental data (i.e. SST, ocean color, winds, etc.) from several different satellite platforms covering all U.S. coastal waters, including Hawaii and Alaska. Today, sea surface temperature maps support meteorological weather predictions and also support commercial and recreational activities (e.g., fishing). Biologists utilize ocean color radiometry data and derived chlorophyll-a and total suspended matter/turbidity products to identify runoff plumes and blooms and also predict HABs; and sailors and commercial shipping pilots use ocean surface vector winds for safe navigation.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Registration information on interstate, intrastate non-hazmat, and intrastate truck and bus companies that operate in the United States and have registered with FMCSA. Contains contact information and demographic information (number of drivers, vehicles, commodities carried, etc).
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Annual series of information about businesses without paid employees that are subject to federal income tax.  Most nonemployers are self-employed individuals operating very small unincorporated businesses, which may or may not be the owner's principal source of income. These firms are excluded from most other business statistics (the primary exception being the Survey of Business Owners).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Objective of the Current Industrial Reports (CIR) program is to produce timely, accurate data on production and shipments of selected products. The data are used to satisfy economic policy needs and for market analysis, forecasting, and decision-making in the private sector. Individual firms, trade associations, and market analysts in planning or recommending marketing and legislative strategies use the product-level data generated by these surveys extensively, particularly if their industry is significantly affected by foreign trade.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains the images of each patent grant issued weekly (Tuesdays) from July 31, 1790 to Present in Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) Revision 6.0 with CCITT Group 4 Compression (multi-page TIFFs) from the USPTO USAPat product. Also included are older grants that have new Certificates-of-Correction (C-of-C) and rescanned images of older patent grants. Approximately 6 TB (compressed).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use in the North Central region on a monthly basis.  Uses include "Bakery, Cereal and Related Products"; "Confectionery and Related Products"; "Ice Cream and Related Products"; "Beverages"; "Canned, Bottled and Frozen Foods"; "Multiple and All Other Food Uses", "Non-Food Uses", "Hotels, Restaurants and Institutions";  "Wholesale Grocers, Jobbers and Dealers", "Retail Grocers and Chain Stores", "Deliveries to Government Agencies", and "All Other Deliveries".
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A list of Significant Guidance documents, which include guidance document disseminated to regulated entities or the general public that may reasonably be anticipated to lead to an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or communities; create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by another agency; materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in Executive Order 12866, as further amended.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2008. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Almanac API - Ranking by Geography ID within the Nation
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
These final opinions made in the adjudication of cases involve decisions by the Federal Railroad Administrator on appeals involving the agency's qualification and certification of locomotive engineers program pursuant to 49 C.F.R. ''§240.411.
SAMHSA card sort results (behavioral health workforce) dataset including card labels and category assignment.
XML feed of weekly update report on the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 from the U.S. Department of Education
Preliminary Toxics Release Inventory Data.  DISCLAIMER: See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/qa/index.html for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data. The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This tool provides the capability to search all data stored in the green.sba.gov database and output all or selected data set
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 1996 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
Contains both (front file and backfile) pending and registered trademark text data (no drawings/images) to include word mark, serial number, registration number, filing date, registration date, goods and services, classification number(s), status code(s), design search code(s), pseudo mark(s) from the April 7, 1884 - Present. The file format is eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Trademark Applications Version 2.0 Document Type Definition (DTD). The backfile contains (April 7, 1884 - December 31, 2010) and includes (42) individual zipfiles (apc101231-01.zip - apc101231-42.zip) 3,347,944,345 bytes (compressed). The front file contains (January 2011 - Present) and includes an apcyymmdd.zip file for each day. Within each daily zipfile are: apcyymmdd.xml  Approximately 17 MB per daily zipfile.
Contains annual 2004 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2008-2010.
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Sweetener Market Data (SMD) report - beet and cane processors and cane refiners in the U.S. are required by the FAIR Act of 1996, as amended, to report data on physical quantities delivered by use for "Retail Grocers and Chain Stores" on a monthly basis.  Quantities are reported by region. Regions include: "New England", "Mid Atlantic", "North Central", "South", "West" and "Puerto Rico".
Searchable database of decisions issued by the Secretary, organized by docket number, as a part of decision-making by administrative adjudication..
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
FVAP data from the 2008 post election survey of Department of State voting assistance officers. Voting Assistance Officers guide voters in the absentee voting process.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Provides preliminary accident/incident data.
Mid Level Significant Weather chart, between FL100 and FL450, for the North Atlantic Ocean Region (NAT). Significant weather (SIGWX) forecasts are provided for the en-route portion of international flights.  NOAA's National Weather Service Aviation Center (AWC) provides a suite of SIGWX forecast products for the World Area Forecast Center (WAFC) in Washington, D.C. These products are used directly by airline dispatchers for flight planning and weather briefing before departure, and by flight crew members during flight.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
NHTSA's issues statements of policy on traffic injury control
Contains the images of each trademark registration published weekly (Tuesdays) from 1870 to 2008 in Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) Revision 6.0 with CCITT Group 4 Compression (multi-page TIFFs) from the USPTO USAMark product. Approximately 1 TB (compressed).
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of December 2011.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Equivalent Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  Starting in FY 2010, the OPM Enterprise Human Resources Integration-Statistical Data Mart (EHRI-SDM) is the source for all FedScope data.  Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The data available for the Permanent Labor Certification Program is for applications that have been received and entered into the Department of Labor tracking system.
This Widget provides access to all FSA National News releases. The widget may be embedded into your website or blog with code provided using either Flash or Javascript.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Weekly data on U.S. natural gas inventories held in underground storage facilities by East, West, and Producing regions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This widget searches the Science Conference Proceedings Portal, providing access to science and technology conference proceedings and conference papers from a number of authoritative sites (professional societies and national labs, largely) whose areas of interest in the physical sciences and technology intersect those of the Department of Energy.  Organizations searched:  American Chemical Society (ACS) , American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) ,  American Institute of Physics (AIP) ,  American Meteorological Society (AMS) ,  American Nuclear Society (ANS) ,  American Oil Chemists Society (AOCS) ,  American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) ,  American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) ,  ASM International ,  Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) ,  Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI), Energy Citations Database (ECD) ,  Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers (IEEE), International Society for Optical Engineering (SPIE), Minerals, Metals and Materials Society (TMS), National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), National Nuclear Data Center (NNDC).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law. In his introduction to the 2005 volume, Legal Adviser John B. Bellinger, III, stated in part:  "The year included, for example, extensive U.S. engagement in further developing the international framework for protecting against terrorist acts. The United States signed the UN International Convention for the Suppression of Nuclear Terrorism the day it was opened for signature and joined in adoption of the text of amendments to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material and to the UN Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against the Safety of Maritime Navigation and the related Fixed Platforms Protocol. In this hemisphere, the Inter-American Convention Against Terrorism entered into force for the United States . . . .  "On another front, the United States became party to the Transnational Organized Crime Convention and its important protocols on trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants. The United States submitted extensive periodic reports on its implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights to the UN Human Rights Committee and of the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment to the Committee Against Torture.  "U.S. state and federal courts were another focus of continued attention. . . .  "Transnational issues played key roles in an increasingly broader spectrum encompassing challenges such as marine pollution and preservation, communications, law enforcement, and trade disputes. Legal issues related to armed conflict in Afghanistan and Iraq remained prominent . . .  Elsewhere in the world, the United States engaged with the international community in efforts to contain nuclear proliferation and to preserve and restore peaceful settlements to disputes within and between countries. . . ."
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Agencies annually report mail data using the Simplified Mail Accountability Reporting Tool (SMART), a web-based reporting tool cosponsored by GSA and the Department of Energy. The annual Mail Management Report publishes mail cost, professional certifications and the resulting data tables are available in these datasets. This dataset shows the Federal agency USPS domestic expenditures.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training.  Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices.   Near East Regional Reports include: Participants by Employment Type Participants by Field of Activity Inventory of Participants by Country Participants by Federal Sponsor
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2004 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This data file provides information at the national level by month for federal fiscal years 2009 onwards for average speed to answer for calls to the National 800 Number Network.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition for their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. EEOC collects labor force data from state and local governments with 100 or more employees within 50 U.S. states and District of Columbia. The reporting agencies provide information on their employment totals, employees' job category and salary by sex and race/ethnic groups as of June 30 of the survey year. Since 1993 the EEO4 survey is conducted biennially in every odd-numbered year. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individual identifiable information. However data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by government types and functions for state and local governments are available.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Returns summary information about the surface water and the EPA water quality and other information within an arbitrary geometry.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Searchable database of decisions issued by OHA, organized by docket number.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2007-2011. Data available for small geographies. Census tract and block group data are available in another dataset.
Displays obligations and disbursements by operating unit (OU) and sector, beginning with Fiscal Years 2009.  The data was pulled from USAID's financial accounting system of record, Phoenix.
NHTSA's Chief Counsel interprets the statutes that the agency administers and the regulations that it promulgates. The Chief Counsel's interpretations, issued in the form of letters responding to questions from the motor vehicle industry and the public, represent the definitive view of the agency on the questions addressed and may be relied upon by the regulated industry and members of the public. These interpretations have always been available to the public in the agency's technical reference library in Washington. The World Wide Web enables us to make them available through the Internet.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training (IAWG) was created in 1997 to make recommendations to the President for improving the coordination, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training. IAWG Annual Reports review the IAWG's activities over a given fiscal year and also include the previous fiscal year's Inventory of Programs that details the scope of federal international exchanges and training. Each report is a large PDF file and includes many charts, graphs, and supporting appendices.   Region Unattributable include: Participants by Employment Type Participants by Field of Activity Inventory of Participants by Country Participants by Federal Sponsor
This data layer depicts the simplified boundaries of  lands and waters administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) in North America, U.S. Trust Territories and Possessions. It includes only lands that are held by fee or secondary title by USFWS. The primary source for this information is the USFWS Realty program.
The Broadband Provider API searches for all providers with a specified name.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Multifamily Tax Subsidy Projects (MTSP) Income Limits were developed to meet the requirements established by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-289).  MTSP Income Limits are provided and are used to determine qualification levels as well as set maximum rental rates.  Complete documentation is provided for selecting Income Limits of any area of the country.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition for their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. EEOC collects labor force data from state and local governments with 100 or more employees within 50 U.S. states and District of Columbia. The reporting agencies provide information on their employment totals, employees' job category and salary by sex and race/ethnic groups as of June 30 of the survey year. Since 1993 the EEO4 survey is conducted biennially in every odd-numbered year. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individual identifiable information. However data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by government types and functions for state and local governments are available.
Provides the only comprehensive, regularly collected source of information on selected economic and demographic characteristics for businesses and business owners by gender, ethnicity, race, and veteran status.
Data on annual emissions of Carbon Dioxide (CO2), Sulfur Dioxide (SO2), and Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) by type of electric power producer, by energy source, by state.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2010.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
FVAP data from the 2008 post election survey of American citizens living overseas on absentee voting.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.

The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in PENNSYLVANIA, as of January 2011.
From these files, data users may determine how 2010 Census collection blocks  relate to 2010 Census tabulation blocks and vice versa.
Master Classification File (MCF) / Patent Application (Patent Application Sequence) - Current U.S. classification information for all patent application publications (non-provisional utility and plant) published by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office from March 15, 2001 to Present. Approximately 450 main divisions of technology, called classifications/classes, broken into approximately 150,000 subdivisions, called subclassifications/subclasses. Provided in published patent application number sequence (ascending) with the current U.S. original classification/subclassification and any cross-reference classification/subclassifications. The format is ASCII text. Available on or before the 15th of each odd month and contains data through the end of the previous even month. Each new bimonthly file totally replaces the previous file. Approximately 23 MB (compressed) per bimonthly file.                    Master Classification File (MCF) / Patent Grant (Patent Grant Sequence or Classification Sequence) - Current U.S. classification information for all patent grants issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office from 1790 to Present. Approximately 450 main divisions of technology, called classifications/classes, broken into approximately 150,000 subdivisions, called subclassifications/subclasses. Provided in patent grant sequence (ascending) by patent grant number with the current U.S. original classification/subclassification and any cross-reference classification/subclassifications or by classification sequence (ascending) by U.S. classification/subclassification (original and cross reference) followed by patent grant number. The format is ASCII text. Available on or before the 15th of each odd month and contains data through the end of the previous even month. Each new bimonthly file totally replaces the previous file. Approximately 121 MB (compressed) per bimonthly file.                    Manual of Classification (a.k.a., Classification Text Attribute File (CTAF)) - Numbers and descriptive titles of the patent classifications and subclassifications (classes/subclasses) for approximately 450 classes and approximately 150,000 subclasses of the U.S. Patent Classification (USPC) System. This file is the electronic version of the paper version of the Manual of Classification. The format is ASCII text. Available on or before the 15th of each odd month and contains data through the end of the previous even month. Each new bimonthly file totally replaces the previous file. Approximately 2.9 MB (compressed) per bimonthly file.                    Index to U.S. Patent Classification (a.k.a., Classification Index File) - Alphabetical list of subject headings which refer to specific classifications and subclassifications (classes/subclasses) of the U.S. Patent Classification System - (i.e., technology categories).  Also known as, the Classification or Class Index File.  There are approximately 67,000 terms contained in this index. The format is ASCII text. Available on or before the 15th of each odd month and contains data through the end of the previous even month. Each new bimonthly file totally replaces the previous file. Approximately 1.1 MB (compressed) per bimonthly file.
The annual data tables contained in this document provide summary statistics on the civil enforcement activities of the United States Trustee Program.  These tables summarize data for Fiscal Year 2005 through Fiscal Year 2011 (October 1, 2004 through September 30, 2011).  This report covers potential financial impact.  Financial Impact represents debt that potentially is not discharged in a bankruptcy case as a result of Program efforts.  The measure also includes funds that become part of or remain in bankruptcy estates, funds that are returned to debtors, funds that are paid to the Treasury, and sanctions and fines as a result of Program efforts.
This API returns a search for the demographic information for a particular geography type and geography name.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2007. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
FY 11 Education Recipients by training type  and VA Education Benefit Program (Through Feb. FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the Feb. FY11). Training type statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one training type, therefore the total within this table may be different than the total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.

This API returns all the wireless providers within a US census block given a passed latitude and longitude.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
A list of Significant Guidance documents, which include guidance document disseminated to regulated entities or the general public that may reasonably be anticipated to lead to an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or communities; create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by another agency; materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in Executive Order 12866, as further amended.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of January 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEBRASKA, as of January 2011.
FVAP data from 2008 post election survey of Local Election Officials on the absentee voting process that deals with military and overseas citizens.
2009 Veteran life insurance expenditures by county.  Expenditures represented the actual disbursements from Insurance's Award and Inforce systems.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Manufactured Homes Survey (MHS) provides current monthly estimates of new manufactured (mobile) homes placed for residential use and dealer inventories. Data collected include manufacturer's date of shipment, sales price, date of placement for residential use, placement location (state, county, and community), how titled, and home physical characteristics such as foundation, number of bedrooms, floor area, and air conditioning. The Bureau of Economic Analysis uses the data as an input to estimates of residential fixed investment. The Department of Housing and Urban Development uses the data to monitor total new housing production and its affordability. Trade associations use the data for housing market analysis. Manufacturers and their suppliers use the estimates to monitor trends in prices and characteristics (e.g., floor area, number of bedrooms, presence of central air-conditioning).
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of January 2011.
This data file provides information at the national level by month for federal fiscal year 2009 onwards for average busy rates for calls to the National 800 Number Network.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Large Truck* Crash Causation Study (LTCCS) is based on a three-year data collection project conducted by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) of the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT). LTCCS is the first-ever national study to attempt to determine the critical events and associated factors that contribute to serious large truck crashes allowing DOT and others to implement effective countermeasures to reduce the occurrence and severity of these crashes.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
In administering Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations CFR Part 77, the prime objectives of the FAA are to promote air safety and the efficient use of the navigable airspace. To accomplish this mission, aeronautical studies are conducted based on information provided by proponents on an FAA Form 7460-1, Notice of Proposed Construction or Alteration. Advisory Circular 70/7460-1K, Obstruction Marking and Lighting, describes the standards for marking and lighting structures such as buildings, chimneys, antenna towers, cooling towers, storage tanks, supporting structures of overhead wires, etc. This report lists cases that have been determined
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains annual 2009 data shipments of solar thermal collectors by market sector, end use, and type
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 1996 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
NOAA's Ship Tracker is a viewer tool developed by the NOS Special Projects Office (SPO) for the Office of Marine and Aviation Operations (NOAA OMAO) which shows information about the location, present and past, of NOAA's ships. Ship location and the conditions where the ship was located are maintained on this site for one year.   The NOAA fleet ranges from large oceanographic research vessels capable of exploring the world's deepest ocean, to smaller ships responsible for charting the shallow bays and inlets of the United States. The fleet supports a wide range of marine activities including fisheries research, nautical charting, and ocean and climate studies.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2006-2008. Available for geographic areas with populations of 20,000 or more.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2007-2009. Available for geographic areas with populations of 20,000 or more.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Tallies of Counties, Minor Civil Divisions, SubMCDs, Census County Divisions, Unorganized Territories, Census Subareas, Consolidated Cities, Incorporated Places, and Census Designated Places, by state.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of January 2011.
This XML service is a mechanism for searching the DOE R&D Accomplishments Database, full-text documents, and Web pages, either through a query string in a browser or via a computer application.  Search results are returned in an XML format.  This format can be easily parsed, making it simple to add to a federated search.  The records may also be downloaded for use in a database or search tool.   DOE R&D Accomplishments is a central forum for information about the outcomes of past DOE R&D whose benefits are being realized now.  They have had significant economic impact, have improved people's lives, or have been widely recognized as remarkable advances in science. Its Database contains specially-selected searchable documents and bibliographic citations that report accomplishments from DOE, DOE contractor facilities, and DOE predecessors:  the Manhattan Project, the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), and the Energy Research and Development Administration (ERDA).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A list of Significant Guidance documents, which include guidance document disseminated to regulated entities or the general public that may reasonably be anticipated to lead to an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or communities; create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by another agency; materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in Executive Order 12866, as further amended.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition for their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. EEOC collects labor force data from state and local governments with 100 or more employees within 50 U.S. states and District of Columbia. The reporting agencies provide information on their employment totals, employees' job category and salary by sex and race/ethnic groups as of June 30 of the survey year. Since 1993 the EEO4 survey is conducted biennially in every odd-numbered year. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individual identifiable information. However data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by government types and functions for state and local governments are available.
This State-level data about school-aged children with disabilities (ages 3-21), served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part B, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about special education and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's (NSF's) 2002 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2002. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law.  In his April 2003 introduction to the 1989-1990 Digest, then Legal Adviser William H. Taft IV  stated in part:  "The year 1989-90 was a transitional period in international relations, as the world community continued to deal with implications of the end of the Cold War and the unsteady emergence of a new era. Many of the tensions and ambiguities of the time are reflected in the documents excerpted in this volume. For example, the Immigration Act of 1990 was adopted against the background of domestic U.S. concerns about terrorism, admission of refugees and exclusion of aliens-issues that continue to be important today. Other significant domestic law issues involved reservations to treaties (in this case, the 1948 Genocide Convention), the application of doctrines of foreign sovereign immunity (the Wallenberg Case), the interplay between sanctions and foreign assistance (e.g., Hungary, Poland, Czechoslovakia and the German Democratic Republic), and the allocation of foreign affairs authority in our federal system.  "At the same time, the volume records U.S. efforts to deal effectively with the legal dimensions of very diverse issues on the international plane, including the Iraqi attack on the U.S.S. Stark, the downing of Iran Air Flight 655, the deployment of U.S. armed forces in Panama, maritime interdiction incidents, irregular rendition of criminal suspects, and the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe. Concerns about human rights, terrorism, and the war on drugs are indicated by the adoption of domestic legislation implementing, or relating to the implementation of, the UN Convention on Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, the UN Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, the Montreal Protocol on Suppression of Unlawful Acts of Violence at Airports, and the IMO Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against the Safety of Maritime Navigation (negotiated in the aftermath of the Achille Lauro incident) and its related Protocol on Fixed Platforms. . . ."
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law. In his introduction to the 2003 volume, then Legal Adviser William H. Taft IV stated in part:  "The year 2003 witnessed a number of significant developments in the field of international law. The military campaign to oust Saddam Hussein and his regime in Iraq and the continuing effort to locate Osama bin Laden and his supporters gave rise to many important legal issues, including those related to the lawful use of force, the response to international terrorism, and compliance with international humanitarian law. Beyond Iraq and Afghanistan, of course, many other situations affecting international security and stability generated complicated and sensitive issues for the world community and its lawyers. . . ."  "The year was also marked by a series of significant cases and decisions in domestic courts and international tribunals related to international law and practice. The International Court of Justice in The Hague handed down its decision on preliminary measures in the Avena case brought by Mexico under the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, as well as its judgment in the Oil Platforms case (Iran v. United States). By agreement the Lockerbie case (Libya v. United States) before the ICJ was discontinued. Ongoing litigation in our domestic courts concerned fundamental issues arising under two important U.S. statutes, the Alien Tort Statute of 1789 and the 1976 Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. Other cases began to address issues related to the status and rights of detainees in Guantanamo and the United States. Significant decisions were rendered in several cases by NAFTA tribunals. And the United States made several major submissions in government-to-government and interpretative cases pending before the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal. We were also active in bringing and defending claims under the dispute resolution mechanisms of the WTO. . . ."
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Opinions issued on school buses
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2007.
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the executive departments and agencies of the Federal Government. It is divided into 50 titles that represent broad areas subject to Federal regulation. Each print volume of the CFR is updated once each calendar year, and is issued on a quarterly basis. Bulk data downloads of Code of Federal Regulations files in XML format are available from 1996 to the present, by year, title, and volume. The current XML data set is not yet an official format of the Code of Federal Regulations. Only the PDF and Text versions have legal status as parts of the official online format of the Code of Federal Regulations. The XML-structured files are derived from SGML-tagged data and printing codes, which may produce anomalies in display. In addition, the XML data does not yet include image files. Users who require a higher level of assurance may wish to consult the official version of the Code of Federal Regulations on FDsys.gov. The FDsys data set includes digitally signed Code of Federal Regulations PDF files, which may be relied upon as evidence in a court of law. See: http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
Shows market indicators for the following U.S. manufacturing trends for current period and year-to-date: wage rates, profits, employment, production, capacity utilization, productivity, exports, goods shipments. Includes supporting documentation, tables, and charts.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
This overview outlines the export activities of U.S. Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs). Data presented here are generated from the U.S. Commerce Department's Exporter Database (EDB).
The Property Owners and Managers Survey (POMS) Overview, Summary Tables, and Source and Accuracy Statement are available from the U.S. Census Bureau. POMS was designed to gain a better understanding of the property owners and managers on whom the nation depends to provide affordable rental housing, and of what motivates and shapes their rental and maintenance policies. This dataset contains the single family macrodata.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Public Papers of the Presidents, which is compiled and published by the Office of the Federal Register, National Archives and Records Administration, began in 1957 in response to a recommendation of the National Historical Publications Commission. Noting the lack of uniform compilations of messages and papers of the Presidents before this time, the Commission recommended the establishment of an official series in which Presidential writings, addresses, and remarks of a public nature could be made available.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Federal Railroad Administrator Joseph C. Szabo has issued these policy statements on Equal Employment Opportunity, Prevention of Sexual Harassment and Diversity.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law. In his introduction to the 2006 Digest, Legal Adviser John B. Bellinger, III, stated in part:  "During 2006 my colleagues and I continued to engage our international partners in intensive discussions about the appropriate legal framework for the detention and treatment of international terrorists. . . . Armed conflicts during the year including those involving Israel, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, and Iraq raised other issues related to the law of war.  "The United States welcomed the International Committee of the Red Cross' study on the customary international law of the law of war and provided what we believe are constructive initial comments on certain aspects of methodology that raise questions about the study's conclusions.  "But these issues were, of course, only one facet of the office's practice during the year. The United States dispatched to Geneva two separate large, senior-level interagency delegations to present and discuss with the UN Committee Against Torture and the Human Rights Committee U.S. implementation of its obligations under the Convention Against Torture and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. . . .  "The office continued to play a leading role in the development of U.S. treaty law and practice. . . .   "In U.S. courts, the year saw further developments related to the applicability of the Alien Tort Statute, U.S. consular notification obligations under the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, and the scope of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, including several Supreme Court decisions on consular notification and immunities. . . ."
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A quarterly survey that provides national summary data on the revenues, expenditures, and composition of assets of the largest state and local government employee retirement systems.  This survey currently consists of a panel of 100 retirement systems, which comprise 89.4 percent of financial activity among such entities, based on the 2007 Census of Governments.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law. In his introduction to the Digest covering 1991-1999, then Legal Adviser John B. Bellinger, III, summarized its contents, stating in part:  "During this period, for instance, the United States became party to important human rights treaties, including the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the UN Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman, or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination. International terrorist acts such as the bombing of Pan Am 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, posed new challenges, to which the United States responded through negotiation of new international terrorism conventions, efforts in both the UN Security Council and the International Court of Justice, and changes in U.S. domestic laws . . . .  "Legal issues involving the use of force arose with U.S. participation in the Gulf War and the military intervention in the territory of the Former Yugoslavia, and were addressed in several instances before the International Court of Justice. U.S. participation in the peace process and in peacekeeping in areas as diverse as the Middle East, Bosnia, Kosovo, Somalia, and Haiti gave rise to both international and domestic legal issues. Major efforts were pursued in arms control and nuclear non-proliferation, including the establishment of the Korean Energy Development Organization.   "The 1990s were an era of new international institutions and political structures. The United States was actively engaged, for instance, in the Security Council's creation of the international criminal tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda and the UN Mission in Kosovo, and in the negotiation stage of the establishment of the International Criminal Court. In the area of trade, the United States was deeply involved in the establishment of the World Trade Organization and the conclusion of the North American Free Trade Agreement. The breakup of the Soviet Union was only the biggest example of geo-political changes with a wide range of legal implications for the United States and other countries.    In other fields, to list only a few examples, after completion of the 1994 Agreement Relating to the Implementation of Part XI, the President transmitted both the 1982 Law of the Sea Convention and the 1994 Agreement to the Senate for advice and consent. Maritime interdiction of aliens and other aspects of immigration and naturalization generated important legal issues. Cases concerning the right of aliens in the United States to consular notification arose in U.S. courts and the International Court of Justice. . . ."
Contains both (front file and backfile) trademark assignment (ownership) text (no drawings/images) derived from trademark assignment recordations made at the USPTO for registered trademarks and trademark applications from the 1955 - Present. The file format is eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Trademark Assignments Version 0.4 Document Type Definition (DTD). The backfile contains (1955 - December 31, 2010) and includes (1) zipfile (asb101231-01.zip) 121,157,751 bytes (compressed). The front file contains (January 2011 - Present) and includes an asbyymmdd.zip file for each day. Within each daily zipfile are: asbyymmdd.xml  Approximately 46 KB per daily zipfile.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
HUD's Neighborhood Stabilization Program (www.hud.gov/nsp) provides emergency assistance to state and local governments to acquire and redevelop foreclosed properties that might otherwise become sources of abandonment and blight within their communities. The Neighborhood Stabilization Program (NSP) provides grants to every state, certain local communities, and other organizations to purchase foreclosed or abandoned homes and to rehabilitate, resell, or redevelop these homes in order to stabilize neighborhoods and stem the decline of house values of neighboring homes. The program is authorized under Title III of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 1 FAM 100 contains documentation of the following administrative components:   - 110 Statements of Common Responsibilities of Regional Bureaus - 120 Bureau of African Affairs (AF) - 130 Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs (EAP) - 140 Bureau European and Eurasian Affairs (EUR) - 150 Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs (WHA) - 160 Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs (NEA) - 170 Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs (SA)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains annual 2005 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
Contains tables of data for the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Data tables are divided up into 12 categories, including a country overview, transportation flows, safety, environment, trade, and infrastructure
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009

The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's (NSF's) 2000 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2000. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
Agencies annually report mail data using the Simplified Mail Accountability Reporting Tool (SMART), a web-based reporting tool cosponsored by GSA and the Department of Energy. The annual Mail Management Report publishes mail cost, professional certifications and the resulting data tables are available in these datasets. This dataset shows the Federal Agency USPS international expenditure.
The Census of Governments identifies the scope and nature of the nation's state and local governments; provides authoritative benchmark figures on public finance and public employment; classifies local government organizations, powers, and activities; and measures state and local fiscal relationships.
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law.   The 2000 volume covers significant legal developments that occurred during 2000. The edition provides documentary excerpts and other information concerning developments in the areas of nationality, citizenship, and immigration (chapter 1); consular and judicial assistance and related issues (chapter 2), international criminal law (chapter 3); treaties and other international agreements (chapter 4); federal foreign affairs authority (chapter 5); human rights and humanitarian law (chapter 6); international organizations and multilateral institutions (chapter 7); international claims and state responsibility (chapter 8); diplomatic relations, continuity and succession of states (chapter 9); immunities and related issues (chapter 10); trade, commercial relations, investment and transportation (chapter 11); territorial regimes and related issues (chapter 12); environment and other transnational scientific issues (chapter 13); private international law (chapter 14); sanctions (chapter 15); and use of force and arms control (chapter 16). In his introduction to the 2000 Digest, then Legal Adviser William H. Taft IV provided an overview of the methodology used in preparing the volume and the history of the Digest.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
To ensure an accurate sampling frame for its Law Enforcement Management and Administrative Statistics (LEMAS) survey, the Bureau of Justice Statistics periodically sponsors a census of the nation's state and local law enforcement agencies. This census, also known as the Directory, gathers data on all police and sheriffs' departments that are publicly funded and employ at least one full-time or part-time sworn officer with general arrest powers. This data collection, compiled in June 1986, represents the first such census. Variables include personnel totals, type of agency, and geographic location of agency. This dataset lists law enforcement agencies and contains variables regarding employment categories such as total full-time, part-time, sworn, and other employees. It also contains FIPS codes and populations.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This widget searches a global science gateway connecting to scientific databases and portals from over seventy-five countries and international organizations . WorldWideScience.org was developed on behalf of the WorldWideScience Alliance and is maintained by the DOE Office of Scientific and Technical Information. The WorldWideScience Alliance, a multilateral partnership, consists of participating member countries and provides the governance structure for WorldWideScience.org.    WorldWideScience Alliance Members:   Canada Institute for Scientific and Technical Information (CISTI) - Canada Institute of Scientific and Technical Information of China (ISTIC) - China VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland (VTT) - Finland Institut de l'Information Scientifique et Technique (INIST) - France International Network for the Availability of Scientific Publications (INASP) International Nuclear Information System (INIS) Health Service Executive (HSE) - Ireland German National Library of Science and Technology (TIB) - Germany Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) - Japan Korea Institute of Science and Technology Information (KISTI) - Korea Scientific Electronic Library Online (SciELO) - Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Cuba, Mexico, Portugal, Spain, Venezuela Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) - South Africa British Library - United Kingdom Science.gov Alliance - United States African Journals Online (AJOL) - Representing 24 African Countries International Council for Scientific and Technical Information (ICSTI)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains patent grant text produced by an Optical Character Recognition (OCR) process using the U.S. Patent Grant single-page TIFF Image data from January 1920 through December 1979 as input. The file format is modified Patent Full-Text/APS (a.k.a., modified Green Book), ASCII text.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Provides quarterly statistics on the rates of capacity utilization for the U.S. manufacturing and publishing sectors. The QPC survey collects statistics on establishment operational status, value of actual production, estimated production attainable at full and emergency conditions, and reasons for operating at less than full production capacity. The survey also collects data on work patterns by shift. These data include days per week in operation, plant hours per week in operation, and weeks in operation in the Quarter. The Federal Reserve Board benchmarks monthly estimates of capacity output and utilization. In addition, analyze the change in use of capital, capital stocks and inputs related to capacity growth. The Department of Defense uses the data to assess readiness to meet demand for goods under selected national emergency scenarios.
Feed of news releases from the US Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's (FMCSA) Safety Management System (SMS) is an automated data system used by FMCSA to monitor motor carrier on-road safety performance. FMCSA analyzes safety performance by grouping carrier data in the SMS into seven Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (BASICs) which are, in turn, used to identify potential safety problems with individual carriers and determine when an enforcement intervention might be appropriate.
This API returns broadband summary data for the entire United States. It is designed to retrieve broadband summary data and census metrics (population or households) combined as search criteria. The data includes wireline and wireless providers, different technologies and broadband speeds reported in the particular area being searched for on a scale of 0 to 1.
Antidumping and Countervailing Duty redeterminations issued under remand from the Court of International Trade.
The dataset provides the percentage of fast-track receipts by state during the reporting fiscal year 2010 and 2011. Fast-tracked cases consist of those cases identified as Quick Disability Determination (QDD), Compassionate Allowance (CAL), or both.
Contains bioassay records and data for chemicals analyzed and evaluated for repellency, toxicity, reproductive inhibition, and immobilization.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains the National Science Foundation's 1999 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 1999. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
To provide broad and timely measures of combined changes in business sales and end-of-month inventories for domestic retail trade, wholesale trade and manufacturers' activities.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Monitors foreign subsidies and identifies subsidies that can be remedied under the Subsidies Agreement of the World Trade Organization.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A number of laws serve as EPA's foundation for protecting the environment and public health. However, most laws do not have enough detail to be put into practice right away. EPA is called a regulatory agency because Congress authorizes EPA to write regulations that explain the critical details necessary to implement environmental laws. In addition, a number of Presidential Executive Orders (EOs) play a central role in EPA's activities.  The major laws and EOs are listed on this web page.
Commercial Hot Food Holding Cabinets that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
Opinions issued on charter buses under post-2008 regulations
FVAP 2008 post election survey of Federal employees living overseas on the absentee voting process.
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law.  "In his introduction to the 2004 volume, then Legal Adviser John B. Bellinger, III, stated in part:   "Significant legal issues arose throughout 2004 related to the response to international terrorism, compliance with international human rights and humanitarian law, and arms control and nonproliferation throughout the world, including Iraq and Afghanistan, Israel, Gaza and the West Bank, North Korea, Iran, Libya and Sudan. To provide but a few examples, the United States entered into the first agreements under the Proliferation Security Initiative, Secretary Powell testified to the commission of genocide in Darfur, and the U.S. Supreme Court issued two decisions relating to detention of enemy combatants.   "The United States also continued to be actively engaged, through negotiation of treaties, arbitrations, diplomatic initiatives, and domestic litigation, in legal issues related to global challenges including international criminal law, the law of the sea, environment, trade and investment, consular functions, privileges and immunities, international claims and state responsibility, commercial and family law, treaty practice, cultural property, and sanctions. In 2004, among other things, the United States undertook to implement a judgment of the International Court of Justice in Avena and other Mexican Nationals (Mexico v. United States) concerning U.S. violations of Article 36 of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, and the U.S. Supreme Court issued opinions concerning retroactivity of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and international law violations providing a cause of action under the Alien Tort Statute. . . ."
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This API is designed to find the rankings by geography within the state for a specific metric (population or household) and rank (any of the metrics from provider, demographic, technology or speed). The results are the top ten and bottom ten records within the state for the particular geography type and my area rankings. Additionally we include +/- 5 rankings from the 'my' area rank.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2008.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
The Unit Cost Compendium (UCC) Calculations raw data set was designed to provide for greater accuracy and consistency in the use of unit costs across the USEPA Office of Resource Conservation and Recovery (ORCR), as well as increased accessibility to unit costs inside and outside the ORCR.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This tool provides the capability to search SBA and/or Resource Partner Office information stored in the sba.gov database and output selected data set
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2003 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset contains data about military and overseas voting for the 2010 election cycle. The dataset and corresponding report address ballot transmissions to, and ballot submissions from, uniformed and overseas citizen voters (UOCAVA). The data and corresponding report entitled Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act: Survey Observations are part of the EAC's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
The Compensation and Pension by County dataset is a count of the number of veterans receiving disability compensation or pension payments from the Department of Veterans Affairs. The data is reported at the county level, by age group and by percent disability rating for each state plus recipients in Guam, Philippines and Puerto Rico.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2008. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
Singapore FTA Tariff Schedule
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains monthly data on consumption of petroleum products back to 1945 for gasoline and to 1981 for other products.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The annual data tables contained in this document provide summary statistics on the civil enforcement activities of the United States Trustee Program.  These tables summarize data for Fiscal Year 2005 through Fiscal Year 2011 (October 1, 2004 through September 30, 2011).  This report covers litigation outcomes.  Successful Litigation Outcomes include outcomes where the court entered an order granting the relief sought by the United States Trustee, in whole or in part, or the defendant agreed to other relief satisfactory to the United States Trustee.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Defense Logistics Agency news information featuring stories from around the world.  Users click on the headlines to get the full story as well as photos.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Number of life insurance policyholders for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 10/31/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARKANSAS, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Feed of news releases from the US Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
Agencies annually report mail data using the Simplified Mail Accountability Reporting Tool (SMART), a web-based reporting tool cosponsored by GSA and the Department of Energy. The annual Mail Management Report publishes mail cost, professional certifications and the resulting data tables are available in these datasets. This dataset shows the total mail expenditures by agency.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Quarterly Services Survey (QSS) is the only source of service industry indicator performance providing timely estimates of revenue and expenses for selected service industries. The Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) is the primary Federal user of data collected in the QSS. The BEA utilizes this timely data to factor into the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) to make improvements to the national accounts for service industries. QSS estimates also provide the Federal Reserve Board (FRB) and Council of Economic Advisors (CEA) with timely information on current economic performance. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) use the QSS data to develop hospital-spending estimates in the National Accounts. In addition,  the QSS data improves their ability to analyze hospital-spending trends.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Tallies of American Indian Area, Alaska Native Area, and Hawaiian Home Land entities, by state.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2009. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This USAID dataset shows the partial credit guarantees that USAID has issued since the development credit authority program was founded in 1999. The spreadsheet reflects the full facility size of each guarantee, how much was lent under the guarantee, the status of the guarantee (i.e., active or expired), how much in claims the bank submitted due to losses it incurred for loans placed under the guarantee, and how many loans were placed under coverage of the guarantee. The data also shows the sector and country for each guarantee.
The National Geodetic Survey (NGS), an office of NOAA's National Ocean Service (NOS), manages a network of Continuously Operating Reference Stations (CORS) that provide Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) data consisting of carrier phase and code range measurements in support of three dimensional positioning, meteorology, space weather, and geophysical applications throughout the United States, its territories, and a few foreign countries.  Surveyors, GIS users, engineers, scientists, and the public at large that collect GPS data can use CORS data to improve the precision of their positions. CORS enhanced post-processed coordinates approach a few centimeters relative to the National Spatial Reference System, both horizontally and vertically.  The CORS network is a multi-purpose cooperative endeavor involving government, academic, and private organizations. The sites are independently owned and operated. Each agency shares their data with NGS, and NGS in turn analyzes and distributes the data free of charge. As of November 2011, the CORS network contains over 1,800 stations, contributed by over 200 different organizations, and the network continues to expand.
Exports from Manufacturing Establishments includes estimates for the value of manufactured exports and related employment. Export estimates include both "direct" exports (exports manufactured in the United States and consumed in foreign markets) and supporting shipments (intermediate goods and services required to manufacture exported goods). The report includes estimates for state and national totals for direct exports, supporting shipments and related employment for the manufacturing sector. In addition, supporting employment outside the manufacturing sector associated with manufactured exports is provided.
List of Internet domains registered and maintained by Federal Executive Agencies.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on deportable aliens located by region and country of nationality for fiscal year 2010
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains the images of each patent grant issued weekly (Tuesdays) from October 5, 2010 to Present in Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) Revision 6.0 with CCITT Group 4 Compression (single-page TIFFs) from the USPTO Patent Grant Image/TIFF (a.k.a., Yellow Book 2) product. Four types of files are included: grant_yb2_yyyymmdd.tar: The main patent grant single-page TIFF images. cofc_yb2_yyyymmdd.tar: The Certificates-of-Correction (C-of-C) single-page TIFF images. cofc_yb2_yyyymmdd_pta.tar: Patent Term Adjustment (PTA) C-of-C single-page TIFF images [where "yyyymmdd" is a Tuesday issue date]. Bnnnnn.tar: Rescans of miscellaneous documents from miscellaneous years (July 31, 1790 - Present). The filename relates to a Digital Linear Tape (DLT) cartridge.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Caribbean/Gulf of Mexico Regional Node web site is designed to supply users with satellite data files and previews in near-real-time. Image data is available for a number of different regions and product data types.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of January 2011.
The ScienceEducation.gov Widget connects teachers and students to free, federally-funded Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) education resources.  ScienceEducation.gov is the unification of federal science agencies' science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education content, supporting cyber-learning and open participation.  ScienceEducation.gov was developed through a partnership of the Offices of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI) and Workforce Development for Teachers and Scientists (WDTS), within the DOE Office of Science, in collaboration with other federal science agencies via the Interagency Science Education Portal Coordination Group (ISEPCG).   ISEPCG participants include the following agencies:  National Aeronautics and Space Administration, National Institutes of Health, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, National Science Digital Library, National Science Foundation, U.S. Department of Agriculture, U.S. Department of Education, U.S. Department of Energy, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Department of Transportation.
Title 40 is the section of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) that deals with EPA's mission of protecting human health and the environment. This web page provides direct links to Title 40 of the  CFR.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of March 2010.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Equivalent Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  Starting in FY 2010, the OPM Enterprise Human Resources Integration-Statistical Data Mart (EHRI-SDM) is the source for all FedScope data.  Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of January 2011.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs.  1 FAM 500-540 contains documentation pertaining to the following administrative components:   - 510 Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor (DRL)  - 520 Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration (PRM) - 530 Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) - 540 Bureau of Ocean International Environmental and Scientific Affairs (OES)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Contains 2005 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
2009 Veteran life insurance expenditures by congressional district.  Expenditures represented the actual disbursements from Insurance's Award and Inforce systems.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Reimbursable Work Authorization (RWA) Entry & Tracking Application (RETA) is a web based system that serves the Public Buildings Service as a centralized repository for Reimbursable Work Authorization information.  It is a national PBS RWA database warehouse with electronic interface capabilities into the NEAR RWA Database System.
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law. In his introduction to the 2007 Digest, then Legal Adviser John B. Bellinger, III, stated in part:   "During 2006 my colleagues and I continued to engage our international partners in intensive discussions about the appropriate legal framework for the detention and treatment of international terrorists. . . . Armed conflicts during the year including those involving Israel, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, and Iraq raised other issues related to the law of war.  "The United States welcomed the International Committee of the Red Cross' study on the customary international law of the law of war and provided what we believe are constructive initial comments on certain aspects of methodology that raise questions about the study's conclusions.  "But these issues were, of course, only one facet of the office's practice during the year. The United States dispatched to Geneva two separate large, senior-level interagency delegations to present and discuss with the UN Committee Against Torture and the Human Rights Committee U.S. implementation of its obligations under the Convention Against Torture and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. . . .  "The office continued to play a leading role in the development of U.S. treaty law and practice. . . .   "In U.S. courts, the year saw further developments related to the applicability of the Alien Tort Statute, U.S. consular notification obligations under the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, and the scope of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, including several Supreme Court decisions on consular notification and immunities. . . ."
Contains the bibliographic text (i.e., front page) of each patent application publication (non-provisional utility and plant) published weekly (Thursdays) from March 15, 2001 to Present (excludes images/drawings). The file formats are eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Application Version 1.5; 1.6; 4.0 International Common Element (ICE); 4.1 ICE; and 4.2 ICE Document Type Definitions (DTDs). Because of the concatenation of the individual documents, these files are not well-formed XML. These files contain non-repeatable (not unique) tags. For example, each XML document within the file should have one start tag and one end tag. Concatenation creates a file that contains 5,000 plus start/end tag combinations. This means that the file will not parse successfully or open/display by default in Internet Explorer. If you put these files along with the appropriate Document Type Definition (DTD) in the same directory and double click on these weekly files, Internet Explorer will give you an error:  Access is denied. Error processing resource 'us-pap-v42-2006-08-23.dtd'. Error processing resource 'file:///C:/Do...   But if you take one document out of the Patent Application Publication Bibliographic Text file and place it in a directory with the correct DTD and then double click that individual document, Internet Explorer will open the file successfully. NOTE:  You may receive a warning about Active X controls. Additionally, if you take one document out of the Patent Application Publication Bibliographic Text file and open it with MS Excel as an XML List, it will import the data under column headings from the XML tags. NOTE:  All Patent Application Publication Bibliographic Text files will open successfully in MS Word; NotePad; WordPad; and TextPad. This product includes a pabyyyymmdd_wknn.zip or ipabyyyymmdd_wknn.zip file for each week [where "yyyymmdd" is a Thursday publication date and "nn" is a two-digit, fixed-length number (with leading zero) representing the sequentially-numbered week of the year]. Within each weekly zip file are (3) files:  pabyyyymmdd.xml or ipabyyyymmdd.xml (Bibliographic information in XML ICE); pabyyyymmddlst.txt or ipabyyyymmddlst.txt (List of published patent application numbers in ascending order); and pabyyyymmddrpt.txt or ipabyyyymmddrpt.html (Statistical/summary report). Approximately 5,000 patent application publications per week. Approximately 2.7 MB per weekly zipfile.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2006. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Atlas of Rural and Small-Town America is a mapping application that provides a spatial interpretation of county-level, economic and social conditions along four broad categories of socioeconomic factors: people (using newly released data on population size, race and ethnicity, and immigration from the 2010 Decennial Census and other demographic data from the American Community Survey, including age, race and ethnicity, migration and immigration, education, household size and family composition), jobs (using economic data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and other sources, including information on employment trends, unemployment, industrial composition, and household income), agriculture (using indicators from the 2007 Census of Agriculture, including number and size of farms, operator characteristics, off-farm income, and government payments), and county classifications (using typologies such as the rural-urban continuum, economic dependence, persistent poverty, population loss, and other ERS county codes). Maps are interactive and also provided for download; raw data are provided for download. Data from the 2010 Census have been recently added.
United States Warehouse Act Licensed Warehouse(s) for state selected.  Listed by city and county.
The Economic Census of Island Areas (IA) provides periodic and comprehensive data for economic activity and structure for Puerto Rico, Guam, U.S. Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands (NMI) and American Samoa.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of January 2011.
Provides national, annual data on the characteristics of new privately-owned residential structures, such as square footage, number of bedrooms and bathrooms, type of wall material, and sales prices. Many characteristics are available at the region level. Data are funded by HUD and are collected in the Survey of Construction (SOC).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on deportable aliens located by Border Patrol Sector and Investigations Special Agent in charge ( SAC) Jurisdiction fiscal years 2001 to 2010
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Technical bulletins are internal documents (usually memoranda) issued to FRA's regional personnel by the Office Director for Safety Assurance and Compliance. The bulletins provide interpretive guidance and they help clarify specific issues under the rail safety regulations and other safety issues.
ENERGY STAR's Home Energy Yardstick allows homeowners to compare their energy use to others across the country to help decide if they should take action to improve the efficiency of their home. If you have five minutes and your last 12 months of utility bills, you are ready to use the Yardstick.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Clarifies the Department's practices with respect to numerous procedural issues.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FOREIGN ADDRESSES, as of January 2011.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2006. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
Contains annual 2010 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.

Census Tract Relationship Files show how 1990 census tracts relate to Census 2000 census tracts. The files consist of one record per each 1990 census tract/2000 census tract spatial set (the area that is uniquely shared between a 1990 and 2000 census tract).
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This website contains general legal advice. It is not intended, nor should it be considered, a substitute for obtaining legal advice about the specific factual situation that you are dealing with. Often a small change in the facts and circumstance will compel a different legal conclusion. When in doubt, or where more specific legal advice is needed, please contact the appropriate office in the Office of the General Counsel.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO) is designed to easily provide usable information about inspections, violations, and enforcement by utilizing interactive maps and enhanced trend data. ECHO advances public information by sharing data related to water, air, waste, and drinking water regulations and allows its users a variety of options to better understand the state of their local environment as well as national environmental impacts to public health. The web-based site features information on facilities that are violating the Clean Water Act with tools that compare water quality trends and generate interactive maps that link to detailed state dashboards. ECHO also provides easy access to information about violations of the Safe Drinking Water Act, showing the frequency of violations to drinking water across states, and offers a detailed list of the most serious violators in the nation. ECHO is searchable by location, and the public can also examine information on inspections conducted by both EPA and the state, violations and enforcement actions at facilities in their communities, and the penalties levied in response to violations related to the Clean Air Act and Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. The ECHO Exporter provides monthly refreshes of downloadable, machine-readable data extracts.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The FR provides the President, Congress, and the American People with a comprehensive view of the federal government's finances, i.e., its financial position and condition, its revenues and costs, assets and liabilities, and other obligations and commitments.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The annual data tables contained in this document provide summary statistics on the civil enforcement activities of the United States Trustee Program.  These tables summarize data for Fiscal Year 2005 through Fiscal Year 2011 (October 1, 2004 through September 30, 2011).  This report covers informal actions.  Informal actions include documented telephone calls, letters, e-mail transmissions, facsimile transmissions, and documented personal conversations by the United States Trustee to the debtor, debtor's counsel, or a third party (such as a trustee), raising a specific issue in a specific case that requires a response.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
Contains the full text of each patent application publication (non-provisional utility and plant) published weekly (Thursdays) from March 15, 2001 to Present (includes tables, genetic sequence data and "in-line" mathematical expressions; excludes images/drawings). The file formats are eXtensible Markup Language (XML) in accordance with the U.S. Patent Application Version 1.5; 1.6; 4.0 International Common Element (ICE); 4.1 ICE; and 4.2 ICE Document Type Definitions (DTDs). Because of the concatenation of the individual documents, these files are not well-formed XML. These files contain non-repeatable (not unique) tags. For example, each XML document within the file should have one start tag and one end tag. Concatenation creates a file that contains 5,000 plus start/end tag combinations. This means that the file will not parse successfully or open/display by default in Internet Explorer. If you put these files along with the appropriate Document Type Definition (DTD) in the same directory and double click on these weekly files, Internet Explorer will give you an error:  Access is denied. Error processing resource 'us-pap-v42-2006-08-23.dtd'. Error processing resource 'file:///C:/Do...   But if you take one document out of the Patent Application Publication Full Text file and place it in a directory with the correct DTD and then double click that individual document, Internet Explorer will open the file successfully. NOTE:  You may receive a warning about Active X controls. Additionally, if you take one document out of the Patent Application Publication Full Text file and open it with MS Excel as an XML List, it will import the data under column headings from the XML tags. NOTE:  All Patent Application Publication Full Text files will open successfully in MS Word; NotePad; WordPad; and TextPad.Approximatley 5,000 patent application publications per week. Approximately 89 MB per weekly zipfile. References to the following external files are present, but the external files themselves are not present:  - Mega Sequence Listing data files - Mathematica Notebook (NB) files - CambridgeSoft Corp. ChemDraw (CDX) and MDL Information Systems (MOL) files - Drawings, mathematical expressions, and chemical structures image (TIFF) files
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2008. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The Company Snapshot is a concise electronic record of company identification, size, commodity information, and safety record, including the safety rating (if any), a roadside out-of-service inspection summary, and crash information. The Company Snapshot is available via an ad-hoc query (one carrier at a time) free of charge.
Special feature videos are used to communicate why DLA is the American military's global logistics provider.  A link is provided to the New Name Factsheet that lists name changes to DLA primary level field activities and organizations.
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2010 by several characteristics.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This volume provides a historical record of developments occurring during calendar year 2011, when the State Department's Office of the Legal Adviser marked its 80th birthday since its creation as a statutory entity.1 For the first time, the State Department is publishing the official version of the Digest exclusively on-line. By publishing the Digest on-line, we seek to make U.S. views on international law more quickly and readily accessible to our counterparts in other governments and international organizations, scholars, students, and other users, both within the United States and around the world. The Arab Awakening presented a variety of challenges for the practice of international law in 2011. In addressing events in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya, Bahrain, and elsewhere, the United States government carefully applied what Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton has called "smart power," utilizing a wide array of foreign policy tools to fit the needs of the particular circumstance. In Libya, the U.S. took a multilateral approach, acting quickly at the UN Security Council to pass historic resolutions that established an arms embargo and sanctions regime and made the first ever unanimous referral to the International Criminal Court. Based on Security Council Resolution 1973's authorization for "all necessary measures" to enforce a no-fly zone, and consistent with the War Powers Resolution, the United States was part of a limited, NATO-led military mission in Libya. Various additional legal issues arose during the U.S. response to the situation in Libya, including those related to securing a protecting power, addressing the situation at the United Nations Human Rights Council, recognizing the new Libyan government, and arranging for funds to be made available to the new government using assets of the former regime that had been frozen pursuant to Security Council resolutions. These issues form a significant part of the discussion in several chapters of the 2011 volume of the Digest. In our approach to counterterrorism, applying smart power has meant a continued commitment to the rule of law. In May 2011, the United States completed a lawful operation that resulted in the death of Usama bin Laden, a legitimate target in our conflict with al-Qaida. The United States continued to pursue other leaders of al-Qaida, while ensuring, consistent with President Obama's direction, that all our actions-even when conducted out of public view-comply with our laws and values. The U.S. government's counterterrorism efforts outside of Afghanistan and Iraq have focused on those individuals who present a significant threat to the United States and whose removal would cause a significant disruption of the plans and capabilities of al-Qa'ida and its associated forces. We have worked to uphold our values and the rule of law in our detention and interrogation policies with regard to terrorism suspects, including pursuing prosecution of detainees through Article III courts and reformed military commissions. In 2011, the United States government repeatedly brought international law to bear in the domestic law context. For example, the Office of the Legal Adviser continued in 2011 to pursue compliance with the International Court of Justice judgment in Avena, by promoting legislation-the Consular Notification Compliance Act-and supporting the request for a Supreme Court stay in a death penalty case involving an Avena defendant. We encouraged domestic courts to weigh international law and foreign policy considerations with suggestions or statements on behalf of the State Department in cases involving the immunity of foreign officials; cases considering the constitutionality of legislation implementing international treaty obligations; cases challenging U.S. state laws concerning immigration; and cases seeking relief outside of the compensation arrangements the United States agreed to with Germany and Austria for claims arising out of World War II. In our initial amicus brief in the U.S. Supreme Court in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum, we argued that a corporation can be held liable under the Alien Tort Statute for violations of the law of nations. In the Zivotovsky case, we asked the Supreme Court to respect our long-standing policy to recognize no state as having sovereignty over Jerusalem as a crucial part of our efforts to further the Middle East peace process. Negotiating, joining, and implementing treaties and international agreements remained an important part of U.S. efforts to promote international law in 2011. We secured advice and consent to the Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty with Bermuda and the Bilateral Investment Treaty with Rwanda. In October, we used congressional-executive agreements to adopt free trade agreements with the Republic of Korea, Colombia, and Panama. Also in 2011, the United States signed maritime law enforcement cooperation agreements with Senegal, Nauru, Tuvalu, and Gambia and an agreement with the members of the Arctic Council on aeronautical and maritime search and rescue. The United States actively assisted the 17th Session of the Conference of the Parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change in Durban in launching a process to develop an agreement by 2015 that will apply beginning in 2020. The Obama administration also sought Senate advice and consent for several important treaties in 2011, including protocols to two nuclear weapon free zone agreements; an agreement on preventing illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing; and Additional Protocol II to the 1949 Geneva Conventions, which contains detailed humane treatment standards and fair trial guarantees that apply in the context of non-international armed conflicts. We continued our active engagement with international bodies that promote greater understanding of customary international law. We commented on and commended the work of the International Law Commission, including its approval of draft articles on the effects of armed conflict on treaties. In 2011, Professor Sean Murphy of the George Washington Law School was elected a Member of the International Law Commission, restoring U.S. membership after several years' absence. We remained a strong supporter of the UN Commission on International Trade Law, which adopted a revised model law on public procurement and a judicial deskbook on cross-border insolvency in 2011. In the area of human rights, the United States continued its active participation in UN processes to review states' records on human rights, including the record of the United States. I had the privilege of making the U.S. presentation to conclude our first Universal Periodic Review at the Human Rights Council. The United States also submitted its Fourth Periodic Report to the UN Committee on Human Rights Concerning the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. Our own report on trafficking in persons included for the first time an evaluation of U.S. anti-trafficking efforts. We also achieved some milestones in 2011 in promoting Secretary Clinton's human rights agenda, including passage of landmark Human Rights Council resolution 16/18 on combating discrimination based on religion without limiting freedom of expression, following up by hosting the first meeting of the "Istanbul process" for implementing that resolution. The United States also led the way with initiatives and a Human Rights Council resolution to protect the human rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender persons, which was echoed in Secretary Clinton's landmark speech on that subject before the Council on Human Rights Day 2011. The release of the U.S. National Action Plan on women, peace, and security and passage of a UN General Assembly resolution introduced by the United States on women's political participation further exemplified the U.S. commitment to promoting human rights. The Office of the Legal Adviser worked closely with colleagues in other bureaus and departments on a broad array of resolutions considered and adopted during the year by the Security Council, the General Assembly, and other UN bodies, including the adoption and implementation of a range of critically important resolutions related to peacekeeping missions and sanctions programs in various countries around the world, including Sudan, Eritrea, Somalia, and CÃƒÂƒ'Â´te d'Ivoire. In April, the Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 1977, extending the mandate of the 1540 Committee which promotes implementation of member states' obligations under resolution 1540 to enforce effective measures to counter the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. In November, the United States joined in a successful General Assembly resolution condemning an Iran-supported terrorist plot against the Saudi ambassador to the United States.
Contains the images of each patent application publication (non-provisional utility and plant) published weekly (Thursdays) from March 15, 2001 to Present in Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) Revision 6.0 with CCITT Group 4 Compression (multi-page TIFFs) from the USPTO USAApp product. Approximately 3 TB (compressed).
Access data on aliens removed or returned during fiscal years 1892 to 2011
The Large Truck* Crash Causation Study (LTCCS) is based on a three-year data collection project conducted by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) of the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT). LTCCS is the first-ever national study to attempt to determine the critical events and associated factors that contribute to serious large truck crashes allowing DOT and others to implement effective countermeasures to reduce the occurrence and severity of these crashes.
Manufacturers of motor vehicles, motor vehicle equipment, child safety systems, and tires are required to submit Early Warning Reporting (EWR) information and documentation to NHTSA in order to comply with the Transportation Recall, Enhancement, Accountability and Documentation (TREAD) act. Public or non-confidential manufacturer EWR data is accessible from the web site. Use the EWR Data Search pages to search for manufacturer EWR data associated with Production (for Light Vehicles only), Property Damage, and Death and Injury records.
The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Office of Pipeline Safety provides written clarifications of the Regulations (49 CFR Parts 190-199) in the form of interpretation letters.  These letters reflect the agency's current application of the regulations to the specific facts presented by the person requesting the clarification.  Interpretations are one form of Guidance provided by this office.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This State-level data about infants and toddlers with disabilities, served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part C, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about early intervention and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
Figure 10: Grain Barge Movements through Mississippi River Locks 27
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A breakdown of California DRG Payments, graphed against their respective condition.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dynamic data analysis tool allows you to generate tables and graphs of arrests for the 30-year period from 1980 through 2009. You can view national arrest estimates, customized either by age and sex or by age group and race, for many different offenses. This tool also enables you to view local arrests. Select National Estimates or Agency-Level Counts from the menu above. Use the Annual Tables to view tables of arrests broken down by sex, race, age, or juvenile and adult age groups. Select Trend Tables by Sex or Trend Tables by Race to create customized tables of long-term trends. In National Estimates, you can also view graphs of long-term trends by sex or by race. These data are from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Program (UCR). BJS has expanded upon the FBI's estimates to provide the first publicly available national arrest estimates broken down by sex, age group, and race.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law. "In his introduction to the 2001 volume, then Legal Adviser William H. Taft IV stated in part:   "2001 will likely prove to have been a watershed in the development of international law. In this field, as in so many other ways, the tragic, traumatic events of September 11 altered the landscape of U.S. practice. Issues of use of force, self-defense, and counter-terrorism, which have always been important, have posed unforeseen challenges in unanticipated contexts. Policy makers have been confronted by new questions related to humanitarian law, the law of war, and international criminal law. The various domestic and international responses to terrorism, including economic and trade sanctions, the freezing and seizing of assets, claims for compensation, and civil litigation, have each generated new and unique problems, to which the legal responses continue to develop.   "At the same time, 2001 witnessed many other significant developments not directly related to the events of September 11, both through United States participation in international fora and developments in the application of international law in the United States. These cover the full range of topics in international legal practice, from treaties to consular affairs, the environment, and private international law. . . ."
This dataset contains a nationwide inventory of all congressional districts and their land area in square miles for the 110th and 111th Congressional Districts.
Use the Environmental Dataset Gateway (EDG) to find and access EPA's environmental resources.    Many options are available for easily reusing EDG content in other other applications. This allows individuals to provide direct access to EPA's metadata outside the EDG interface.   The EDG REST Interface allows each users to query the catalog through a URL using REST syntax. Accessing individual metadata documents through their REST URLs, or groups of documents that match specific search criteria through a REST-formatted search URL, provides powerful functionality for searching, viewing, and sharing EDG records.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme. When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2011 are summarized in this table of key variables. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TEXAS, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Multiple Fact Sheets, one for every major U.S. industry on the potential benefits of KORUS
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Office of the Legal Adviser publishes the annual Digest of United States Practice in International Law to provide the public with a historical record of the views and practice of the Government of the United States in public and private international law.  "In his introduction to the 2002 volume, then Legal Adviser William H. Taft IV stated in part:   "Calendar year 2002 gave rise to a broad range of significant and sometimes novel issues of international law. Many developments again highlighted the need to protect our national security against a different kind of enemy through the use of force in self-defense, non-proliferation and arms control efforts, the detention of unlawful enemy combatants and establishment of military commissions, continued counter-terrorism efforts, the imposition of sanctions, and the freezing of governmental assets, sometimes made available for payment of claims by individuals against terrorist states. At the same time, there were notable developments in non-confrontational contexts, including the fields of human rights, trade and investment, law of the sea, international claims and state responsibility, treaty practice, and international crime. . . ."
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2009.
This dataset contains voter registration data for the 2010 election cycle. The dataset and corresponding report address the impact of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 on the administration of elections for Federal office. The data and corresponding report are part of the EAC's biennial Election Administration and Voting Survey project.
Contains disclosure-free aggregate data from the Energy Information Administration's Financial Reporting System (FRS) database. The data cover the years 1977 through 2009.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Runway Incursion database contains records of events involving the incorrect presence of an aircraft, vehicle or person on the protected area of a surface designated for the landing and take-off of aircraft. Runway incursion events are reported by the respective air traffic control tower. The database contains records from 2005 and onward. In Fiscal Year 2008, the FAA adopted the ICAO definition of a runway incursion as well as the related severity categories. The data contained in this runway incursion database reflects those definitions. The runway incursion database is maintained by the FAA Office of Runway Safety.
This API is designed to find the rankings by any geography type within the state with a specific census metric (population or household) and ranking metric (any of the metrics from provider, demographic, technology or speed). Only the top ten and bottom ten rankings would be returned through the API if the result set is greater than 500; otherwise full ranking list be returned.
This API returns the broadband availability among the Community Anchor Institutions for the entire United States.
Contains 2002 electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of December 2010.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The appeals office in the Alaska Regional Office is part of the National Appeals Office (NAO), a division within the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS), Office of Management and Budget. NAO operates out of NOAA's headquarters in Silver Spring, MD and maintains an office in NMFS's Alaska Regional office. NAO is the successor to the Office of Administrative Appeals, Alaska Region, and is charged with processing appeals that were filed with the Office of Administrative Appeals, Alaska Region.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Data on historical gross withdrawals of natural gas by area by month based on the EIA Form-914 data. Data are in Billion cubic feet  per day.
Tables show the relationship between the congressional districts and the legal and statistical areas for which census data is tabulated. There are no tables for the one-representative states (Alaska, Delaware, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, and Wyoming) or for the statistically equivalent areas of non-voting delegates (The District of Columbia, American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.

The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2008. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2006. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
Agencies annually report mail data using the Simplified Mail Accountability Reporting Tool (SMART), a web-based reporting tool cosponsored by GSA and the Department of Energy. The annual Mail Management Report publishes mail cost, professional certifications and the resulting data tables are available in these datasets. This dataset shows the professional certifications by Federal agency.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Tallies of  Census Tracts, Block Groups and Tabulation Blocks, by state.
The NASA Education Weekly Activity Reports (WAR) tool facilitates the collection, tracking, and archiving of NASA WAR reports.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
From these files, data users may determine how Census 2000 blocks  relate to 2010 Census blocks and vice versa.
The NSCF collected data on the health status and functional limitations, health care utilization, health insurance coverage, receipt of services, SSI experience, socioeconomic status of children's households, and housing characteristics of over 8,000 children who were receiving, had received, or were applying for SSI.  The study is limited to the non-institutionalized population in the continental United States (i.e., it does not include residents of Alaska, Hawaii, and US territories).  Data collection began in July 2001 and ended in July 2002.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
Data for public and private funding of agricultural research and development cover the years 1970-2008 (public) and 1970-98 (private). Data are available as nominal figures and adjusted for inflation.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Technical Service Bulletins data contains summaries of the Manufacturers' Technical Service Bulletins by single year, make and model. An optional item of Vehicle Component may be also available. (The data does not contain all the service bulletins generated by a manufacturer. Bulletins for safety recalls in general are not included, and also bulletins which may not pertain to a defect may not be included.)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This API returns the broadband availability among the Community Anchor Institutions by geography name and type.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of January 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of January 2011.
The Marine Geology Data Viewer is an interactive map providing access to seafloor and lakebed sediment and rock data archived by NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center. Layers available on the interactive map: Marine Geology Data Sets & Reports; Index to Marine & Lacustrine Geological Samples; NOS Seabed Descriptions. For more information about marine geologic data at NGDC, please see http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/geology/.
This API returns broadband summary data by geography IDs for a specific geography type. It is designed to retrieve broadband summary data by geography and census metrics (population or households) combined as search criteria. The data includes wireline and wireless providers, different technologies and broadband speeds reported in the particular area being searched for on a scale of 0 to 1.
The Archival Research Catalog (ARC) is the online catalog of NARA's nationwide holdings in the Washington, DC area, Regional Archives, and Presidential Libraries.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
This dataset provides a list of Nuclear Regulartory Commission (NRC) issued significant enforcement actions.  These actions, referred to as "escalated", are issued by the NRC to licensees, individuals, and non-licensees for failure to comply with NRC requirements.  They include Notices of Violation for Severity Level I, II, or III violations; Notices of Violation associated with inspection findings that the Significance Determination Process categorizes as White, Yellow, or Red; civil penalties; and orders.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
This dataset  presents the aggregated Networking and Information Technology Research and Development (NITRD) program across 13 Federal agencies produced by the National Coordination Office (NCO).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
On the Historical Significant Events Imagry (HSEI) page, you will find hundreds of selected satellite images capturing some of the more important weather and environmental events over the last 30 years.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This is a monthly dataset of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) requests received and processed by the US Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) during the month.  Each record in the dataset is associated with a FOIA request.  It includes the case control number, requester name, document scanned date, and request subject.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) has the right to investigate reports of defective products. Information about defective products can come from manufacturers, consumers or law enforcement agencies. NHTSA stores defect investigation information in a database. It uses this information to generate monthly defect reports. It also makes this information available to consumers through the NHTSA web site. You can search for defect investigation information for the following product categories: - Vehicles - Equipment - Child Restraints - Tires
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Chile FTA Tariff Schedule
List of Census Tract Numbers for each state by county. Census Tract Numbers are posted in two files: Alabama through Montana and Nebraska through Wyoming.
The Quality Database (QDB) System is a Web-based application. QDB serves as the data purity tool used to maintain data integrity and purity of Federal Logistics Information System (FLIS) data. QDB tracks requested changes to FLIS data to maximize data integrity and assist in discrepancies with the purpose of applying root-cause corrective action.  The Public Inquiry QDB user can search and view NIIN records and associated data only.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MICHIGAN, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
Exhibit 300B Projects Table.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This report promulgates exchange rate information pursuant to Section 613 of Public Law 87-195 dated September 4, 1961 (22 USC 2363 (b)) which grants the Secretary of the Treasury sole authority to establish for all foreign currencies or credits the exchange rates at which such currencies are to be reported by all agencies of the government. The primary purpose is to ensure that foreign currency reports prepared by agencies shall be consistent with regularly published Treasury foreign currency reports as to amounts stated in foreign currency units and U.S. dollar equivalents. This covers all foreign currencies in which the U.S. government has an interest, including receipts and disbursements, accrued revenues and expenditures, authorizations, obligations, receivables and payables, refunds, and similar reverse transaction items.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2007. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This API is designed to find the rankings by any geography ID within the nation with a specific census metric (population or household) and ranking metric (any of the metrics from provider, demographic, technology or speed). The results are the top ten and bottom ten rankings within the nation for the particular geography type and my area rankings include +/- 5 rankings from the my area rank.

The USPTO Trademark Daily Application Image 24 Hour Box consists of two datasets: (A)  24 Hour Box file, hryymmdd.zip (B)  24 Hour Box Supplemental file, hrsyymmdda.zip, with optional files, hrsyymmddb.zip, hrsyymmddc.zip, etc.  (A)  The 24 Hour Box zipfile contains images of daily Trademark applications in either JPG format (black and white, grayscale, or color) or TIFF format (black and white) processed through the Trademark Image Capture and Retrieval System (TICRS) and viewable using any standard image viewer for Calendar Year 2009 (January through December). JPG images are accompanied by an XML file that contains text information about the application. TIFF images contain the application number embedded in the image (stamped prior to scan).  On November 2, 2003, the USPTO began accepting electronic submissions of Trademark applications from the International Bureau (IB) and continued to accept electronic submissions of Trademark applications from the Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS), as well as paper submissions.  Beginning November 2, 2003, the Daily Trademark Application Image 24 Hour Box contains:  1.  Cropped image file(s) in JPG format (black and white, grayscale, or color) for electronic applications filed through TEAS (78 Series Code and 77 Series Code) or the IB (79 Series Code). The cropped image file(s) in JPG format will be accompanied by an XML file that contains text information about the application.  2. a.  Full-page drawing image(s) in TIFF format (black and white) for black and white paper submissions of Trademark applications (76 Series Code, or any amended black and white submissions).  2. b.  Full-page drawing image(s) in JPG format (color) for color paper submissions of Trademark applications (also 76 Series Code, or any amended color paper submissions).  (B)  The 24 Hour Box Supplemental zipfile(s) contain Trademark cropped TIFF (black and white) or cropped JPG (color) image files from paper submissions of Trademark applications. These cropped images are available one day after they appear as full-page drawing images in the 24 Hour Box zipfiles (See 2. a. and 2. b. above).  Available daily (Monday-Friday) (excludes U.S. Federal holidays) for no charge. Average daily filesizes are 200 MB (compressed) for the 24 Hour Box zipfile and 14 MB (compressed) for the 24 Hour Box Supplemental zipfile(s)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
British Petroleum (BP) provided data file from its Oil &  Gas Recovery efforts at its off-shore leaking well. This graphic shows the configuration of the system, which collects hydrocarbons, takes them to the surface and processes them.
This widget searches the Science Conference Proceedings Portal, providing access to science and technology conference proceedings and conference papers from a number of authoritative sites (professional societies and national labs, largely) whose areas of interest in the physical sciences and technology intersect those of the Department of Energy.  Organizations searched:  American Chemical Society (ACS) , American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) ,  American Institute of Physics (AIP) ,  American Meteorological Society (AMS) ,  American Nuclear Society (ANS) ,  American Oil Chemists Society (AOCS) ,  American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) ,  American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) ,  ASM International ,  Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) ,  Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI), Energy Citations Database (ECD) ,  Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers (IEEE), International Society for Optical Engineering (SPIE), Minerals, Metals and Materials Society (TMS), National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), National Nuclear Data Center (NNDC).
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs.  1 FAM 210-290 contains documentation pertaining to the following administrative components:   - 210 Bureau of Administration (A) - 220 Bureau of Resource Management (RM) - 230 Bureau of Human Resources (HR) - 240 Office of the Legal Advisor (L) - 250 Bureau of Consular Affairs (CA) - 260 Bureau of Diplomatic Security (DS) - 270 Bureau of Information Resource Management (IRM) - 280 Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations (OBO) - 290 Foreign Service Institute (FSI)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KENTUCKY, as of January 2011.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
The mission of FNS is to provide children and needy families better access to food and a more healthful diet through its food assistance programs and comprehensive nutrition education efforts. These dataset provides a summary of all the FNS School Food Program combined into one dataset. It contains cash payments and commodity costs for the National School Lunch Program, School Breakfast Program and the Special Milk Program.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) is a comprehensive source of data on the environmental characteristics of almost all electric power generated in the United States. These environmental characteristics include air emissions for nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, and mercury; emissions rates; net generation; resource mix; and many other attributes.   eGRID2002 (years 1996 through 2000 data) contains 16  Excel spreadsheets and the Technical Support Document, as well as the eGRID Data Browser, User's Manual, and Readme file.  Archived eGRID data can be viewed as spreadsheets or by using the eGRID Data Browser. The eGRID spreadsheets can be manipulated by data users and enables users to view all the data underlying eGRID. The eGRID Data Browser enables users to view key data using powerful search features. Note that the eGRID Data Browser will not run on a Mac-based machine without Windows emulation.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of January 2011.
Commercial Fryers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The fundamental observational component of the National Water Level Program (NWLP) is the National Water Level Observation Network (NWLON). The NWLON is a network of 200+ long-term, continuously operating water-level stations throughout the USA, including its island possessions and territories and the Great Lakes. The NWLON has expanded over time in response to increasing national and local needs. NWLON stations are the foundation for reference stations for NOAA's tide prediction products, and serve as controls in determining tidal datums for all short-term water-level stations. NWLON has taken advantage of technological advancements in sensors, data collection and data communications which have enabled routine real-time automated and event-driven data acquisition using the GOES satellite. NWLON data-collection platforms are capable of measuring other oceanographic parameters in addition to water levels, including meteorological parameters. Because of these advancements, the application of NWLON data and products has broadened. For instance, the NWLON is a key part of the NOAA Tsunami Warning System and the NOAA Storm Surge Warning System. NWLON stations support Physical Oceanographic Real-Time Systems (PORTS) in major ports and harbors. NWLON stations have standard configurations of water level sensors (including backup sensors), backup and primary data-collection platforms, solar panel power, GOES satellite radios, and telephone modems. Sensors are calibrated and vertically referenced to nearby networks of benchmarks. The data continuity, the vertical stability and careful referencing of NWLON stations have enabled the data to be used to estimate relative sea-level trends for the Nation.
A list of Significant Guidance documents, which include guidance document disseminated to regulated entities or the general public that may reasonably be anticipated to lead to an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or communities; create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by another agency; materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in Executive Order 12866, as further amended.
For all 50 states, export data on industries and major markets; percentages of export-related jobs; numbers of companies that export; and how foreign investment influences exports.
A list of Significant Guidance documents, which include guidance document disseminated to regulated entities or the general public that may reasonably be anticipated to lead to an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or communities; create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by another agency; materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in Executive Order 12866, as further amended.

The North American Product Classification System (NAPCS) is a joint multi-phase initiative to develop a comprehensive demand-oriented product classification developed by the statistical agencies of Canada, Mexico, and the United States.  Work to date has focused on the products produced by service industries in 12 NAICS sectors 48-49 through 81. With that work provisionally complete, this web page provides an overview of and progress report on the NAPCS initiative and presents the final versions of the product lists developed so far for the service industries included in those 12 sectors.    Work is underway developing NAPCS products of industries in NAICS sectors not yet covered (Sector 11: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Sector 21: Mining, Sector 22: Utilities, Sector 23: Construction, Sector 31-33: Manufacturing, Sector 42: Wholesale Trade, and Sector 44-45: Retail Trade).  Provisional lists will be announced on this site as they are decided.
Contains annual data back to 1998 at the national level for electricity generation; capacity; consumption and cost of fossil fuels; sales, price and revenue; emissions; demand-side management; and operating revenues, expenses, and income
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
This API returns the minimum and maximum quartile speeds by geography type within the nation.
Dominican Republic FTA Tariff Schedule
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 4-30-11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
A Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Administrative Unit is a geographic area in which an organizational unit of the BLM has distinct jurisdictional responsibility for land and resource management activities occurring on the public lands, the maintained rights of the United States (i.e. mineral estate) and actions relating to the Trust responsibilities of the U.S. Government as stipulated in Law or Treaty.

The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
The Prompt Payment Act, along with the Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996, requires the timely payment of commercial obligations for supplies and services using electronic funds transfer (EFT).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Education finance data include revenues, expenditures, debt, and assets [cash and security holdings] of elementary and secondary public school systems. Statistics cover school systems in all states, and include the District of Columbia.
The International Energy Outlook 2011 presents EIA's long-term assessment of world energy markets. The International Energy Outlook 2011 (IEO2011) includes projections of world energy demand by region and primary energy source through 2035; electricity generation by fuel type; and energy-related carbon dioxide emissions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSISSIPPI, as of January 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This dataset contains selected cases involving EPA's Regional Judicial Officers (RJOs) from 2005 to present. EPA's Regional Judicial Officers (RJOs) perform adjudicatory functions and act as Agency neutrals in administrative cases. EPA's RJOs are senior attorneys with backgrounds in EPA enforcement, general law, or both.    It should be noted that this data set does not currently contain the complete set of RJO cases from 2005 to present, but rather a selected set of significant cases.  The complete set of cases is not yet currently available from EPA in an electronic format.  EPA's Regional Judicial Officers (RJOs) perform adjudicatory functions and act as Agency neutrals in administrative cases. EPA's RJOs are senior attorneys with backgrounds in EPA enforcement, general law, or both.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Table 16: Grain Inspections for Export by Port Region
Expressions of interest identify lands sought by industry for possible oil and gas leasing. Submitting an expression of interest to the BLM does not guarantee that parcels will be offered at auction.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2009-2011.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This API returns the speed test results for a particular geography type (e.g., state, congressional district) and geography ID.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 1 FAM 410-450 contains documentation pertaining to the following administrative components:   - 410 Bureau of Political-Military Affairs (PM - 420 Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs (EEB) - 430 Bureau of Intelligence and Research (INR) - 440 Bureau of Arms Control, Verification and Compliance (AVC)
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Bioenergy Knowledge Discovery Framework (BioKDF) supports the bioenergy infrastructure effort to move the nation towards sustainable, renewable energy solution. The BioKDF facilitates informed decision making by providing a means to synthesize, analyze, and visualize vast amounts of information in a relevant and succinct manner. It is designed to comprehensively analyze the economic and environmental impacts of various development options for biomass feedstocks, biorefineries, and related infrastructure.
Company level data on the supply and disposition of natural gas in the United States from an identified universe of pipelines, local distribution companies, and operators of fields, wells or gas processing plants, who distribute gas to end users or transport gas across State borders; or underground natural gas storage operators.
The dataset represents the Networx Universal and Enterprise business volume by contractor, agency, contract vehicle and month for the centralized billing account. This represents the business volume of each government agency that has ordered telecommunications services from the Networx contract.
The Large Truck* Crash Causation Study (LTCCS) is based on a three-year data collection project conducted by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) of the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT). LTCCS is the first-ever national study to attempt to determine the critical events and associated factors that contribute to serious large truck crashes allowing DOT and others to implement effective countermeasures to reduce the occurrence and severity of these crashes.
This widget is used to find the latest in U.S. Department of Energy-funded scientific and technical software.  The collection also contains selected S&T software from the Nuclear Energy Agency (NEA) of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
Commercial Steam Cookers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
Table 9: Weekly Barge Freight Rates for Southbound Only Shipments
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Televisions that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in DELAWARE, as of January 2011.
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of January 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in UTAH, as of January 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW MEXICO, as of January 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of January 2011.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Broadband Provider API searches for all providers with a specified name.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of January 2011.
Fire Estimate Summaries present basic data on the size and status of the fire problem in the United States as depicted through data collected in the U.S. Fire Administration's (USFA's) National Fire Incident Reporting System (NFIRS). Each Fire Estimate Summary addresses the size of the specific fire or fire-related issue and highlights important trends in the data.This data presents a valuable set of datasets and graphics for the five-year fire trend from 2006-2010.
This API is designed to find the rankings by any geography type within the nation with a specific census metric (population or household) and ranking metric (any of the metrics from provider, demographic, technology or speed). Support for full list of rankings by nation is not allowed for geography types (e.g., county, census place, usf) so only the top ten and bottom ten rankings would be returned through the API.
Provides an early indication of sales of retail and food service companies throughout the United States.
Tsunami messages for the Pacific Ocean, Indian Ocean and Carribean Sea.
Australia FTA Tariff Schedule
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VERMONT, as of January 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of January 2011.
Contains the images of each patent application publication (non-provisional utility and plant) published weekly (Thursdays) from October 7, 2010 to present in Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) Revision 6.0 with CCITT Group 4 Compression (single-page TIFFs) from the USPTO Patent Application Image/TIFF (aka Yellow Book 2) product. Files include: app_yb2_yyyymmdd.tar [where "yyyymmdd" is a Thursday publication date].
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Number of life insurance policyholders for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 04/30/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The dataset represents the Networx Universal and Enterprise business volume by contractor, agency, contract vehicle and month for the centralized billing account. This represents the business volume of each government agency that has ordered telecommunications services from the Networx contract.
Contains annual 2009 data on proved reserves of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in the U.S.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 1800 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 1810  Family Advocacy Program (Child Abuse, Child Neglect and Domestic Violence)
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The primary function of the Fruit and Vegetable  Market News Division of the Fruit and Vegetable Programs  is to provide an exchange of information for growers, shippers, wholesalers, researchers and others on supplies, demand and prices of fresh fruit and vegetables and speciality crops.
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2006
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2010 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of October 2012.
FVAP post election survey of election administrator working in local election offices in all jurisdictions, including the District of Columbia and US territories, who are responsible for approving voter registration, assigning and sending out ballots to the voter, and accepting voted ballots.
A National Mosaic view of National Weather Service (NWS)'s radar imagery allows interactivity with the display providing you with the ability to customize the way you "look" at weather. Called RIDGE2 (Radar Integrated Display with Geospatial Elements, version 2), the radar image can be layered with geospatial elements such as topography maps, highways, state/county boundaries, and weather warnings. Outside of this interface, a user can also make use of this radar mosaic image overlay to add to user's geobrowser of choice.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
Comprehensive listing of foreign safeguard actions involving U.S. exports.  Actions (whether active investigations or measures) are listed by country and are tracked regularly and updated as needed.  Information regarding each action includes date of initiation, preliminary and final determinations and the associated duties or quotas, and when the measure is terminated or expires.  Users are able to review all active actions for a particular foreign country, as well as view the historical archive of foreign safeguard actions.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
This API returns all geographies of a specified geography type.
The Species Information System (SIS) consists of a web-enabled database (login required) and a public web portal that provides scientists, resource managers, and the general public with user-friently applications for data entry, retrieval, and reporting. SIS acts as a central data repository to collect and manage data across NOAA Fisheries program offices at the regional and national levels. The data housed within SIS includes the most up-to-date information on stock assessments, resource surveys, fisheries catch, stock status, and other management parameters, as well as a growing collection of historical records. SIS is cross-linked with other existing NOAA database tools, including the Fishery-Independent Survey System (FINSS), to increase the reporting utility of both tools.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of January 2011.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel

decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of January 2011.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2012. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of January 2011.
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of January 2011.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2010. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. In 2008, over 68,300 employers with more than 62.2 million employees filed EEO-1 reports. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
This acquisition process improvement will enhance both the quality of contract modification data and our ability to process contract modifications electronically. The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
NOAA's Global Earth Observation - Integrated Data Environment (GEO-IDE) is framework for engaging NOAA's environmental data management communities through sharing expertise, experience, and information.  UAF is a NOAA-wide effort to make environmental datasets easy to find and use. It is an important contribution to realizing the vision of NOAA's Global Earth Observation - Integrated Data Environment (GEO-IDE) Initiative.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 1200 contains documentation of the following administrative components:  - 1210  Personnel Policy  - 1220  Program Objectives
This is electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.

This is electric utility data in seven files that include information on generation, electric purchases, peak load, sales, revenues, customer counts, demand-side management programs, green pricing, net metering programs, and distributed generation capacity.
The Resident Characteristics Report summarizes general information about households who reside in Public Housing, or who receive Section 8 assistance. The report provides aggregate demographic and income information that allows for an analysis of the scope and effectiveness of housing agency operations. The data used to create the report is updated once a month from IMS/PIC.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of January 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of January 2011.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
FY 2011 Education Recipients by training type  and VA Education Benefit Program (Through August FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the August FY11). Training type statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one training type, therefore the total within this table may be different than the total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2007.
Crash Statistics are summarized crash statistics for large trucks and buses involved in fatal and non-fatal Crashes that occurred in the United States. These statistics are derived from two sources:  the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) and the Motor Carrier Management Information System (MCMIS). Crash Statistics contain information that can be used to identify safety problems in specific geographical areas or to compare state statistics to the national crash figures.
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of January 2011.
This widget allows users to search the DOE Data Explorer (DDE) to find scientific research data - such as computer simulations, numeric data files, figures and plots, interactive maps, multimedia, and scientific images - generated in the course of DOE-sponsored research in various science disciplines.
This State-level data about school-aged children with disabilities (ages 3-21), served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part B, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about special education and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
FY 2011 Education Recipients by State (Through the 2nd qtr. FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the 2nd qtr. FY11). State statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one state, therefore the total within this table may be different than the  total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
This API returns the speed test results for a particular geography type (e.g., state, congressional district) and geography name (e.g., Virginia).
Open Energy Information (OpenEI) is a knowledge-sharing online community dedicated to connecting people with the latest information and data on energy resources from around the world. Created in partnership with the United States Department of Energy and federal laboratories across the nation, OpenEI offers access to real-time data and unique visualizations that will help you find the answers you need to make better, more informed decisions with structured linked open data and information in widely-used formats such as CSV, XML, and XLS.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of January 2011.
decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
Agencies annually report mail data using the Simplified Mail Accountability Reporting Tool (SMART), a web-based reporting tool cosponsored by GSA and the Department of Energy. The annual Mail Management Report publishes mail cost, professional certifications and the resulting data tables are available in these datasets. This dataset shows the Federal agency common carrier expenditure.
Estimated U.S. coal rail transportation rates, State to State, by year 2001-2008
The 2001 Residential Finance Survey (RFS) was sponsored by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and conducted by the Census Bureau. The RFS is a follow-on survey to the 2000 decennial census designed to collect, process, and produce information about the financing of all nonfarm, residential properties. The 1991 data is also available.
This API returns the broadband availability among the Community Anchor Institutions by geography type and ID.
This is a monthly dataset of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) requests received and processed by the US Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) during the month.  Each record in the dataset is associated with a FOIA request.  It includes the case control number, requester name, document scanned date, and request subject.
The Building Permits Survey provides data on the number and valuation of new housing units authorized by building permits. Data are available monthly, year-to-date, and annually at the national, Division, Region, state, county, and metropolitan area levels, and for individual jurisdictions. The data are from the Building Permits Survey.
The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) is the Department of Defense's largest logistics combat support agency, providing worldwide logistics support in both peacetime and wartime to the military services as well as several civilian agencies and foreign countries. DLA Podcasts makes it easy for anyone with a Web site, blog or social networking page to learn about the DLA.  You can scroll through our gallery and select videos to view on-line, or you can subscribe to our podcast feed.
Geothermal Heat Pumps that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
Provides estimates on annual sales, end-of-year inventories, inventory valuation, purchases, operating expenses and e-commerce data for merchant wholesalers and manufacturers' sales branches and offices.  Additionally, AWTS publishes estimates of sales, commissions, and operating expenses for wholesale agents and brokers.
High level significant weather (SIGWX) forecasts are provided for the en-route portion of international flights. NOAA's National Weather Service Aviation Center (AWC) provides a suite of SIGWX forecast products for the World Area Forecast Center (WAFC) in Washington, D.C. These products are used directly by airline dispatchers for flight planning and weather briefing before departure, and by flight crew members during flight.
This API returns geographies by name of a specific geography type.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2010 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics

FVAP post election survey of DoD civilian employees overseas
The Investing in Innovation (i3) Fund website depicts and allows downloading of general information on the i3 applicants received, grantees awarded and project locations.  The Investing in Innovation Fund, established under section 14007 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA), provides funding to support (1) local educational agencies (LEAs), and (2) nonprofit organizations in partnership with (a) one or more LEAs or (b) a consortium of schools.  The purpose of the i3 program is to provide competitive grants to applicants with a record of improving student achievement and attainment in order to expand the implementation of, and investment in, innovative practices that are demonstrated to have an impact on improving student achievement or student growth, closing achievement gaps, decreasing dropout rates, increasing high school graduation rates, or increasing college enrollment and completion rates.   These grants will (1) allow eligible entities to expand and develop innovative practices that can serve as models of best practices, (2) allow eligible entities to work in partnership with the private sector and the philanthropic community, and (3) identify and document best practices that can be shared and taken to scale based on demonstrated success.
From these files, data users may determine how Census 2000 blocks relate to 2010 Census blocks and vice versa.
The National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD) provides access to weather forecasts in digital form from a central location.Anyone with a computer and access to the Internet can download information from the NDFD to suit his or her needs. No longer do you have to wait for the timed broadcast of weather information, but can always get the specific information needed according to your schedule. The NDFD will provide what you want, when you need it, including access to official NWS forecasts produced by forecasters at local weather offices and national centers. Previously, such digital forecasts were not available.   This tool shows a map of the 16 predefined NDFD Data Sectors.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme. When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2007 are summarized in this table of key variables. Please review the codebook for variable information.
New Residential Construction provides national and regional data on the number of new housing units authorized by building permits; authorized, but not started; started; under construction; and completed. The data are for new, privately-owned housing units, excluding "HUD-code" manufactured (mobile) homes. The data are from the Building Permit Survey, and from the Survey of Construction (SOC), which is partially funded by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).
Envirofacts integrates information from a variety of EPA's environmental databases. Each of these databases contains information about facilities that are required to report activity to a state or federal system. Using this API, you can retrieve information about hazardous waste (including the Biennial Report), toxic and air releases, Superfund sites, and water discharge permits, plus more. Envirofacts has developed this RESTful data service API to all of its internal data holdings.
The E3 initiative is designed to help you thrive in a new business era focused on sustainability and, working together, to promote sustainable manufacturing and economic growth throughout the United States. Within the E3 framework, we can:   - Drive Innovation   - Increase Manufacturing Productivity   - Boost Local Economies   - Reduce Environmental Impacts   - Foster Development   - Conserve Energy and Resources This website provides information and tools for E3, including fact sheets, contacts, and calculators.
On March 11, 2011, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission launched SaferProducts.gov. This site hosts the agency's new Publicly Available Consumer Product Safety Information Database. On SaferProducts.gov, consumers can submit reports of harm or reports of potential harm. After a short amount of time for review by the agency and named manufacturer, these reports go live on SaferProducts.gov and are searchable by the public. The public also can export search results. The Application Protocol Interface (API), to open the published SaferProducts.gov data to developers and businesses so that the information in SaferProducts.gov can be accessed by an even greater number of consumers online and on mobile devices.
A report generated by Commerce and submitted to Congress every 180 days pursuant to the Softwood Lumber Act of 2008, detailing any subsidies, including stumpage subsidies, provided by countries exporting softwood lumber or softwood lumber products to the United States.
Peru FTA Tariff Schedule
Number of life insurance policies for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 08/31/11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) sponsored a study of the work schedules and sleep patterns of railroad employees. The purpose of the study was to understand work-schedule related fatigue that affects various categories of railroad employees by documenting a group's work/rest schedules and sleep patterns to ascertain their impact on the level of fatigue/alertness. Employees surveyed include: signalmen, maintenance of way (MOW) workers, dispatchers, and train & engine service workers (in both freight and passenger train service)
adjudication of security clearance cases for contractor personnel
Estimated U.S. coal rail transportation rates, coal basin to state, by year 2001-2008
This web page provides access to search and read EPA's  regulations.  Additionally, the regulatory agendas that explain planned new rulemaking activities can be viewed. Regulatory guidance documents and rulemaking activities also are included.
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme. When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of January 2011.
Contains the sample data from Census 2000, which is the information compiled from the questions asked of a sample of all people and housing units.  The sample data are presented in 213 population tables (matrices) and 110 housing tables.  Each table is iterated for 336 population groups: the total population, 132 race groups, 78 American Indian and Alaska Native tribe categories (reflecting 39 individual tribes), 39 Hispanic or Latino groups, and 86 ancestry groups.
The EPA Laws and Regulations Gateway serves as a central hub that connects users to a broad array of legal information related to environmental regulation.  The Gateway provides summaries of Environmental Laws and Executive Orders that EPA is charged with administering.  Summaries are also provided for Laws and Executive Orders that influence EPA's regulatory process.  The Gateway also provides access to a number of tools that enable users to keep track of and participate in the development of new EPA regulations, and to learn how to comply with existing regulations.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Ins" and "New Hires") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2010.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Accessions Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Accession, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Use to determine how 1990 Census tabulation blocks relate to Census 2000 collection blocks and vice versa.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Refer to 3 FAH 1100 "Introduction" for additional relevant information. The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.   3 FAM 1100 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 1110  Personnel Administration Authority, Regulations, and Procedures
Figure 8: Illinois River Barge Freight Rate

A status summary for decommissioning of NRC-regulated complex materials sites in the United States. Available information includes site name, location, and State; current compliance criteria; whether the decommissioning plan (DP) has been submitted to the NRC and, if so, the original submission date; whether the NRC has approved the DP; and the estimated closure date. This information is updated annually, and summarizes the related information presented in the Status of the Decommissioning Program Annual Report.
This dataset represents the results of the 4-digit match performed using the  Social Security - Help America Vote Verification (HAVV) system.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TENNESSEE, as of January 2011.
The Defense Logistics Agency Energy Fact Book contains information regarding its business operations. The fact book reflects the operational status at the end of fiscal 2009, unless otherwise indicated. The intent of this publication is for general information purposes only.
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Clean Air Status and Trends Network (CASTNET) is a national air quality monitoring network designed to provide data to assess trends in air quality, atmospheric deposition, and ecological effects due to changes in air pollutant emissions. CASTNET began collecting measurements in 1991 with the incorporation of 50 sites from the National Dry Deposition Network, which had been in operation since 1987. CASTNET provides long-term monitoring of air quality in rural areas to determine trends in regional atmospheric nitrogen, sulfur, and ozone concentrations and deposition fluxes of sulfur and nitrogen pollutants in order to evaluate the effectiveness of national and regional air pollution control programs. CASTNET operates more than 80 regional sites throughout the contiguous United States, Alaska, and Canada. Sites are located in areas where urban influences are minimal.
Contains data on civil penalties (fines) assessed by FMCSA against motor carriers, brokers and other entities.
Provides comprehensive information on each foreign-trade zone (contact information, sites, subzones, approvals and actions) to the public on the web.  Individual FTZs and companies are able to log in to the system to update their contact information and status. Also provides a web-based system for FTZs to submit their required annual report to the FTZ Board (previously this had been a paper process). This system also incorporates a prior database of Federal Register notices describing proposed FTZ locations and activity along with the ultimate FTZ Board decision on each case.  Recent notices also include the full text of applications and any public comments received.  The consolidation of this database into OFIS makes all information on a specific zone available in one location on our website.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARKANSAS, as of October 2012.
Aggregate retirement data of annuitants on the retirement roll. Includes CSRS/FERS employees and survivor annuitants. Geographic distribution by state and territory.
This database allows the public to browse and search recent FTZ Board manufacturing approvals.
FY 11 Education Recipients by State (Through the 2nd qtr. FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the 2nd qtr. FY11). State statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one state, therefore the total within this table may be different than the  total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
Morocco FTA Tariff Schedule
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
This API returns geographies by name of a specific geography type within a state.
Information on residential fire fatalities is compiled through a daily Internet search (Monday-Friday) of U.S. news media reports. The primary purpose of this information is to help raise awareness about the danger of fire and the frequency of home fire deaths.USFA estimates approximately one-third to one-half of the total number of residential fire fatalities that occur each year are captured on this page. Information is obtained from news media reports published or aired within 24-48 hours after the fire; therefore, complete information is not available. Most fires require a post-incident investigation that may take days or months to complete. Only at the conclusion of the investigation will relevant facts be determined. For this reason, the statistics found on this page are only preliminary and should be viewed as such.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of June 2011.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Equivalent Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  Starting in FY 2010, the OPM Enterprise Human Resources Integration-Statistical Data Mart (EHRI-SDM) is the source for all FedScope data.  Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The CASTNET Download Data module allows users to select, view, and download CASTNET data (Raw, Aggregate, Modeled & Factual Data) based on user selections.    CASTNET sites are located in or near rural areas and sensitive ecosystems collecting data on ambient levels of pollutants where urban influences are minimal. CASTNET, which was initiated in 1986, is able to provide data needed to assess and report on geographic patterns and long-term temporal trends in ambient air pollution and dry atmospheric deposition. CASTNET can also be used to track changes in measurements associated with climate change (such as temperature and precipitation).
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2011.
Crash Statistics are summarized crash statistics for large trucks and buses involved in fatal and non-fatal Crashes that occurred in the United States. These statistics are derived from two sources:  the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) and the Motor Carrier Management Information System (MCMIS). Crash Statistics contain information that can be used to identify safety problems in specific geographical areas or to compare state statistics to the national crash figures.
The Annual Survey of State Government Finances provides a comprehensive summary of the annual survey findings for state governments, as well as data for individual states. The tables contain detail of revenue by type, expenditure by object and function, indebtedness by term, and assets by purpose.
The National Digital Forecast Database (NDFD) provides access to weather forecasts in digital form from a central location.Anyone with a computer and access to the Internet can download information from the NDFD to suit his or her needs. No longer do you have to wait for the timed broadcast of weather information, but can always get the specific information needed according to your schedule. The NDFD will provide what you want, when you need it, including access to official NWS forecasts produced by forecasters at local weather offices and national centers.  Model Output Statistics (MOS) is a technique used to objectively interpret numerical model output and produce site-specific guidance. This page lists Gridded MOS Forecast Guidance.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2012.
Fiscal Year 2010 life insurance payments, face value of Insurance, and total number of policies by state.  Data were derived from Actuarial reports, including FY 2010 Statement of Cash Flows, FY 2010 Policy Exhibit, and FY 2010 State of Residency Report.
Figure 11: Up Bound Empty Barges
Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 06/30/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
This is the Federal Acquisition Institute's (FAI's) annual demographic report on the Federal acquisition workforce, showing trends by occupational series, employment grade and educational level, as well as turnover and hiring data for fiscal year (FY) 2008.
The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance is a government-wide compendium of Federal programs, projects, services, and activities that provide assistance or benefits to the American public. It contains financial and nonfinancial assistance programs administered by departments and establishments of the Federal government. CFDA provides a full listing of all Federal programs available to State and local governments (including the District of Columbia); federally-recognized Indian tribal governments; Territories (and possessions) of the United States; domestic public, quasi- public, and private profit and nonprofit organizations and institutions; specialized groups; and individuals
In December 2003, the FCC began collecting data to build a registry of public safety answering points (PSAPs). A primary PSAP is defined as a PSAP to which 9-1-1 calls are routed directly from the 9-1-1 Control Office, such as, a selective router or 9-1-1 tandem. A secondary PSAP is defined as a PSAP to which 9-1-1 calls are transferred from a primary PSAP. The PSAP database serves as a tool to aid the Commission in evaluating the state of PSAP readiness and E9-1-1 deployment.The Registry lists PSAPs by an FCC assigned identification number, PSAP Name, State, County, City, and provides information on any type of record change and the reason for updating the record. The Commission updates the Registry periodically as it receives additional information.
The data available for the H-2B Temporary Non-Agricultural Labor Certification Program is for applications that have been received and entered into the Department of Labor tracking system.
The Facility Attributes and Contacts Query Wizard is part of a suite of Clean Air Markets-related tools that are accessible at http://camddataandmaps.epa.gov/gdm/index.cfm.  The Facility Attributes and Contact module gives the user access to current and historical facility, owner, and representative data using custom queries, via the Facility Attributes Query Wizard, or Quick Reports. In addition, data regarding EPA, State, and local agency staff are also available. The Query Wizard can be used to search for data about a facility or facilities by identifying characteristics such as associated programs, owners, representatives, locations, and unit characteristics, facility inventories, and classifications.  EPA's Clean Air Markets Division (CAMD) includes several market-based regulatory programs designed to improve air quality and ecosystems. The most well-known of these programs are EPA's Acid Rain Program and the NOx Programs, which reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen oxides (NOx)-compounds that adversely affect air quality, the environment, and public health. CAMD also plays an integral role in the development and implementation of the Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR).
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 2 FAM 300  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 310 Objectives and Contents  - 320 Precedence  - 330 Ceremonies and Protocol upon Assignment as Chief of Mission  -  340 Official Protocol Relations with Foreign Governments - 350 Tribute of Appreciation Certificate
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum in fiscal year 2010 by several characteristics.
Crash Statistics are summarized crash statistics for large trucks and buses involved in fatal and non-fatal Crashes that occurred in the United States. These statistics are derived from two sources:  the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) and the Motor Carrier Management Information System (MCMIS). Crash Statistics contain information that can be used to identify safety problems in specific geographical areas or to compare state statistics to the national crash figures.
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
Data on alternative fueled vehicles in use and alternate transportation fuel consumption.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2010.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
A nationwide survey that collects information such as type of housing unit, electricity cost, home value, monthly rent, vacancy status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2009-2011.
NAFTA Safety Stats presents information and statistics on the U.S. operations of all U.S. registered interstate and intrastate motor carriers broken out by national domicile of the carrier. The information and statistics are presented based on the carrier's domicile within each of the three North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) nations: the United States, Canada, and Mexico. The reports present motor carrier safety statistics for 2005-2009.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The datasets are the full-year allocations for HUD's Office of Community Planning and Development (CPD) formula programs: Community Development Block Grants (CDBG); HOME Investment Partnerships (HOME), including the American Dream Downpayment Initiative (ADDI); Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS (HOPWA); and Emergency Shelter Grants (ESG). HUD's CPD office seeks to develop viable communities by promoting integrated approaches that provide decent housing, a suitable living environment, and expand economic opportunities for low and moderate income persons. The primary means towards this end is the development of partnerships among all levels of government and the private sector, including for-profit and non-profit organizations. There are datasets that provide the allocation amounts from 2001 to 2011.
The 2006-2010 ACS 5-Year Selected Population Tables (SPT) use ACS data aggregated over a 5-year period to provide more reliable estimates of detailed social, economic, and housing characteristics for many race, tribal, Hispanic, and ancestry population groups at multiple levels of geography. Detailed tables on topics such as educational attainment, fertility, nativity, citizenship, income, poverty, and homeownership are iterated for many racial and ethnic population groups.  For the SPT, detailed tables are presented for up to 392 population groups in geographies down to the tract level where population thresholds were met.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Contains annual 2008 generator level data about generators at electric power plants owned and operated by electric utilities and nonutilities (including independent power producers, combined heat and power producers, and other industrials). The file contains generator-specific information such as initial date of commercial operation, prime movers, generating capacity, energy sources, status of existing and proposed generators, proposed changes to existing generators, county and State location (including power plant address), ownership, and FERC qualifying facility status. Also included are data related to the ability to use multiple fuels; specifically, data on co-firing and fuel switching are included.
The National Weather Service makes radar products available for public access in both image and original coded data form.
The dataset represents the Networx Universal and Enterprise business volume by contractor, agency, contract vehicle and month for the centralized billing account. This represents the business volume of each government agency that has ordered telecommunications services from the Networx contract.
This file contains the Social Security Administration's 2011 FOIA Annual Report. The report provides detailed information regarding the number and type of FOIA cases we processed in FY 2011. It also includes data regarding time and costs associated with processing these cases.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur. 3 FAM 2400 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 2410  Assignments and Details - 2420  Foreign Service Career Development, Assignments, And Transfer - 2430  Commissions, Titles, and Rank - 2440  Curtailment
Reglamentos y Materiales de Asistencia Tecnica sobre La Ley Estadounidenses con Discapacidades (La ADA) en espanol.
USTR 2010 FOIA Log
Contains data on compliance reviews and new entrant safety audits performed by FMCSA and State grantees.
Average retail sales of electricity by state by provider  annually, back to 1990.
This collection of documents includes Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Settlements and Consent Agreements.
Data Quality identifies FMCSA resources for evaluating, monitoring, and improving the quality of data submitted by States to the Motor Carrier Management Information System (MCMIS).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Energy use is a part of everyone's daily routine. However, the generation and use of energy can affect the environment. Our regulatory and voluntary programs foster more responsible production and use of energy resources. This Web site enables you to learn more about important energy topics and locate information about our energy programs.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Quarterly Summary of State and Local Government Tax Revenue provides quarterly estimates of state and local government tax revenue at a national level, as well as detailed tax revenue data for individual states.  This quarterly survey has been conducted continuously since 1962. The information contained in this survey is the most current information available on a nationwide basis for government tax collections.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Records Control Schedules (RCS) repository provides access to scanned versions of records schedules, or Standard Form 115, Request for Records Disposition Authority, that have been developed by Federal agencies and approved by the Archivist of the United States.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
FRA has made its current and archival Railroad Accident/Incident and Highway Rail Crossing Inventory database files available to all users. Overview data cover current railroad safety statistics on railroad accidents and incidents, casualties.
This is the Federal Acquisition Institute's (FAI's) annual demographic report on the Federal acquisition workforce, showing trends by occupational series, employment grade and educational level, as well as turnover and hiring data for fiscal year (FY) 2006.
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's (FMCSA) Safety Management System (SMS) is an automated data system used by FMCSA to monitor motor carrier on-road safety performance. FMCSA analyzes safety performance by grouping carrier data in the SMS into seven Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (BASICs) which are, in turn, used to identify potential safety problems with individual carriers and determine when an enforcement intervention might be appropriate.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2010 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2010 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2011. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
This file contains information about Social Security determinations of eligibility for Extra Help with Medicare Prescription Drug Plan Costs.  Specific data elements are counts of Extra Help decisions made, counts of applicants found eligible for the Extra Help, and a percentage of Extra Help decisions found eligible by state.
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
Revenue from retail sales of electricity by state by provider  annually, back to 1990.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2010. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
This State-level data about school-aged children with disabilities (ages 3-21), served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part B, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about special education and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of October 2012.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Ins" and "New Hires") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2011.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Accessions Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Accession, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Equivalent Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  Starting in FY 2010, the OPM Enterprise Human Resources Integration-Statistical Data Mart (EHRI-SDM) is the source for all FedScope data.. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The purpose of the SPC Fire Weather program is to provide a national fire weather guidance product for use by the National Weather Service, as well as other federal, state, and local government agencies. The product is intended to delineate areas of the contiguous U. S. where the pre-existing fuel conditions, combined with forecast weather conditions during the next 8 days will result in a significant threat for wildfires.  There are three types of Fire Weather Outlook areas - a Critical Fire Weather Area for Wind and Relative Humidity, an Extremely Critical Fire Weather Area for Extreme Conditions of Wind and Relative Humidity, and a Critical Fire Weather Area for Dry Thunderstorms.  The SPC Fire Weather Outlook is comprised of a Day 1 and a Day 2 forecast, in addition to a Day 3-8 forecast. Each forecast period will contain text products along with corresponding graphic products. The Day 1 Fire Weather Outlook is scheduled for issuance at 4:00 AM CST/CDT and is updated at 17Z. The Day 2 Fire Weather Outlook is scheduled for issuance at 10Z and is updated at 20Z. The Day 3-8 Fire Weather Outlook is scheduled for issuance at 22Z.  The Day 1 Outlook covers the 24-hour period from 12Z on the morning of product issuance to 12Z the following morning, with the update covering the 19-hour period from 17Z at issuance to 12Z the following morning. The Day 2 Outlook covers the following 24-hour period out to 48 hours. The Day 3-8 Outlook covers the period of 48 to 192 hours from 12Z on the morning of product issuance.  The outlook type depends upon the severity of the forecast weather, antecedent conditions, and climatology relative to the given geographic region. Critical Fire Weather Areas for Wind and Relative Humidity are typically issued when strong winds (>20 mph) and low RH are expected to occur where dried fuels exist. Critical Fire Weather for Dry Thunderstorms are typically issued when widespread or numerous thunderstorms producing little wetting rain (<0.10 in) are expected to occur where dried fuels exist. Extremely Critical Fire Weather Areas for Wind and Relative Humidity are issued when very strong winds and very low RH are expected to occur with very dry fuels. Extremely Critical areas will be rarely issued, similar to the very low frequency of High Risk Convective Outlooks.
This product includes 10 km, remapped, GOES-East images in visible and ir bands (shortwave ir, water vapor, and longwave ir) and loops in Flash and Java.  The IR images are available in the following enhancements: AVN, Dvorak, JSL, RGB, Funktop, and Rainbow. This product is generated every 30 minutes.
Website provides list of elevated status volcanoes with access to activity updates and/or information releases for changes in activity at the volcanoes.  activity at each volcano changes.
The primary function of the Livestock and Grain Market News Division of the Livestock and Seed Program (LSP) is to compile and disseminate information that will aid producers, consumers, and distributors in the sale and purchase of livestock, meat, grain, and their related products nationally and internationally.
FY 11 Education Recipients by State (Through the 3rd qtr. FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the 3rd qtr. FY11). State statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one state, therefore the total within this table may be different than the  total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
This Web site is designed to inform passenger carriers and the traveling public about the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's passenger carrier program and regulations.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2010. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's (FMCSA) Safety Management System (SMS) is an automated data system used by FMCSA to monitor motor carrier on-road safety performance. FMCSA analyzes safety performance by grouping carrier data in the SMS into seven Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (BASICs) which are, in turn, used to identify potential safety problems with individual carriers and determine when an enforcement intervention might be appropriate.
This IL sets forth procedures for financial responsibility. The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of October 31, 2010.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
Enterprise Servers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance Traumatic Injury Protection Program (TSGLI) Claimants and Payments by Type of Loss dataset provides the number of claimants approved, the dollar amount paid, and the average payment for each type of loss.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 1300 contains documentation of the following administrative components:  - 1310  Responsibilities for Personnel Administration  - 1320  The Board of the Foreign Service  - 1330  Customer Treatment
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
Use to determine how 1990 Census tabulation blocks relate to Census 2000 tabulation blocks and vice versa.
EPA is conducting soil remediation: contaminated soils are being excavated and hauled offsite to an approved landfill. During soil excavation and backfill activities, we will collect air samples each day to monitor the ambient air for volatile organic compounds (VOCs). At the end of each day, the four summa canisters that have been taking readings will be sent to a lab for analysis. We are measuring approximately 30 different VOCs using the standard lab method TO-15. Results will be compared to the Michigan ambient air standards.  

Acronyms:

AA:	Ambient Air
EA:	Excavation Area
PN: Perimeter North 
PNW: Perimeter Northwest
PS: Perimeter South 
PSW: Perimeter Southwest
ppb: Parts per billion
RPD: Relative Percent Difference
RL: Reporting Limit
MDL: Method Detection Limit


Qualifier definitions:
     *:     Recovery or RPD exceeds control limits
     B:     Compound was found in the blank and sample.
     J:     Result is less than the RL but greater than or equal to the MDL and the concentration is an approximate value.
     U:     Indicates the analyte was analyzed for but not detected.
Cordless Phones that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
This State-level data about school-aged children with disabilities (ages 3-21), served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part B, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about special education and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
ERMA Gulf Response, NOAA's Environmental Response Management Application (ERMA) for the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill is a web-based Geographic Information System (GIS) tool that assists both emergency responders and environmental resource managers in dealing with incidents that may adversely impact the environment. ERMA integrates and synthesizes various real-time and static datasets into a single interactive map, thus provides fast visualization of the situation and improves communication and coordination among responders and environmental stakeholders.
Use to determine how Census 2000 collection blocks relate to tabulation blocks.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election cycle. The corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of Election Assistance Commission's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
This is the Federal Acquisition Institute's (FAI's) annual demographic report on the Federal acquisition workforce, showing trends by occupational series, employment grade and educational level, as well as turnover and hiring data for fiscal year (FY) 2005.
The 2010 Digest provides a historical record of developments that took place during calendar year 2010, illustrating how the United States put our strategic vision of international law into practice. That concept rests on the principle that obeying international law promotes U.S. foreign policy interests and strengthens our international leadership.  The United States' active participation in international tribunals and other international bodies formed an important part of our practice in 2010. Over the year, the United States continued to engage with the International Criminal Court while maintaining its active support for other international tribunals. The United States' active engagement with the Court and the parties to the Rome Statute has enabled us to help shape the direction of the Court to ensure that it fulfills its important mandate to bring to justice the perpetrators of mass atrocities.  In the area of the law of armed conflict, the United States continued to place priority on ensuring that its detention operations, detainee prosecutions, and operations involving the use of force-including those in the armed conflict with al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and associated forces-are consistent with all applicable law, including international law. In January 2010, an interagency task force established by President Obama completed a comprehensive review of the status of all of the individuals detained at Guantanamo Bay when President Obama assumed office and made consensus determinations about the disposition of each detainee's case consistent with national security, the interests of justice, and the U.S. longstanding policy not to transfer any individual to a country where it is more likely than not he would be tortured. In habeas litigation brought by Guantanamo detainees in U.S. federal court, the United States continued to assert the 2001 statutory Authorization for Use of Military Force ("AUMF") as the basis for the President's detention authority and to make clear that the laws of war would inform the executive branch's interpretation of the AUMF. With respect to detention operations in Afghanistan, the United States continued its rigorous implementation of detainee review procedures established in 2009.  Negotiating, joining, and implementing treaties remained another important aspect of U.S. efforts to promote international law in 2010. The Senate provided its advice and consent to ratification of the New START Treaty, which entered into force earlier this year and represented a landmark contribution to the global arms control and nonproliferation regime. In the family law area, the Senate provided its advice and consent to ratification of the Hague Convention on International Recovery of Child Support and Other Forms of Family Maintenance, and the United States signed the Convention on Jurisdiction, Applicable Law, Recognition, Enforcement and Co-operation in Respect of Parental Responsibility and Measures for the Protection of Children. The Senate also provided its advice and consent to ratification of two treaties concerning defense trade cooperation with Australia and the United Kingdom. The United States also signed many treaties and agreements, including two new treaties relating to aviation security, the 2010 Beijing Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Acts Relating to International Civil Aviation and the 2010 Beijing Protocol Supplementary to the Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure of Aircraft, and air transport agreements with the European Union and its Member States and with Japan. U.S. treaty implementation efforts spanned numerous areas, including human rights and consular relations.   In December 2010, the United States played a key role in negotiating UN Security Council Resolution 1966, which established an institution known as the residual mechanism to handle the essential functions remaining when the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda conclude their work, including the prosecution of fugitives indicted by the tribunals who remain at large after the two tribunals cease functioning. The Supreme Court issued several noteworthy decisions in 2010 on issues arising in our increasingly globalized world. In Abbott v. Abbott , the Court held that "rights of custody" under the Hague Convention on International Child Abduction include a ne exeat right, which is a parent's right to consent before the other parent removes a child from a country. In the area of foreign sovereign and official immunity, the Court held in Samantar v. Yousuf that the Foreign Sovereign Immunity Act does not govern immunity for foreign officials, making clear that the immunity of individual foreign officials should be determined under the common law instead, and the important role of the executive branch in such determinations.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
Number of retail electricity customers by state by sector annually, back to 1990.
This State-level data about school-aged children with disabilities (ages 3-21), served under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) - Part B, supports the collection, analysis and reporting of IDEA data about special education and related services, and the forms and spreadsheets used for collection.
This API returns all geographies of specific geography type within a state.
Where You Live accesses facility and unit attribute data as well as emissions data using a series of interactive national and state maps. This module allows the user to view data for regions of interest throughout the country using an intuitive interface, while also providing a national and statewide context for data specific to one or more facilities.  EPA's Clean Air Markets Division (CAMD) includes several market-based regulatory programs designed to improve air quality and ecosystems. The most well-known of these programs are EPA's Acid Rain Program and the NOx Programs, which reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen oxides (NOx)-compounds that adversely affect air quality, the environment, and public health. CAMD also plays an integral role in the development and implementation of the Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR).
The Resource Assessment and Conservation Engineering Division (RACE) of the Alaska Fisheries Science Center (AFSC) conducts bottom trawl surveys to monitor the condition of the demersal fish and crab stocks of Alaska. These data include catch per unit effort for each identified species at a standard set of stations. This is a subset of the main database. Excluded are non standard stations, earlier years using different gear, and other types of data collected other than species id, species weight, water temperature and depth.     The data set was developed to describe the temporal distribution and abundance of commercially and ecologically important groundfish species, examine the changes in the species composition of species over time and space, and describe the physical environment of the groundfish habitat.
This information is designed to provide service members, their families, veterans, the general public, and other concerned citizens with the most comprehensive and accurate figures available regarding diagnosed cases of TBI within the U.S. military.  Information is collected from electronic medical records and analyzed by the Defense and Veterans Brain Injury Center in cooperation with the Armed Forces Health Surveillance Center. Numbers for the current year will be updated on a quarterly basis. Other data will be updated annually. At this time, the MHS is unable to provide information regarding cause of injury or location because that information is not available in most medical records.     The numbers represent actual medical diagnoses of TBI within the U.S. Military. Other, larger numbers routinely reported in the media must be considered inaccurate because they do not reflect actual medical diagnoses. Many of these larger numbers are developed utilizing sources such as the Post Deployment Health Assessment (PDHA) or Post Deployment Health Reassessment (PDHRA). However, these documents are assessment tools with TBI screening questions and are not diagnostic tools.
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of June 30, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Refer to 3 FAH 1500 "Equal Employment Opportunity" for additional relevant information. The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 1500 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 1510  EEO-General  - 1520  Non-Discrimination on the Basis of Race, Color, National Origin, Sex, or Religion - 1530  Non-Discrimination on the Basis of Age - 1540  Non-Discrimination on the Basis of Disability - 1550  Freedom from Retaliation / Reprisal and Complaints of Reprisal - 1560  Processing Mixed Case Complaints - 1570  Class Complaints of Discrimination - 1580  Minority Group Statistics - 1590  EEO Grievances
Detailed listing of Freedom of Information Act requests made by members of the public to the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Staff.

post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
Streamflow and water supply data at 195 sites,  based upon hydrologic projections at a 12 kilometer resolution covering western states.
The State Data Tool draws from the National Science Board's (NSB's)  Science and Engineering Indicators report.  This tool allows for interactive visual exploration of 58 state indicators covering the role of science and technology (S&T) in state and regional economic development.  It covers state trends in S&T education, the employed workforce, finance, and research and development.  The tool allows for in-depth exploration of a single indicator, comparisons of multiple indicators, and the ability to customize the graphics.  Exploring a single indicator can be done using Tables, Chart or Map view.  Comparisons of indicators can be done across states or across years.  The tool contains up to 20 years of data when data are available and comparable.
NOAA's Environmental Response Management Application (ERMA) for the Arctic is a web-based Geographic Information System (GIS) tool that assists both emergency responders and environmental resource managers in dealing with incidents that may adversely impact the environment. ERMA integrates and synthesizes various real-time and static datasets into a single interactive map, thus provides fast visualization of the situation and improves communication and coordination among responders and environmental stakeholders.
Provides bibliographic records for the DOE Information Bridge in MARC format.  This service offers libraries the opportunity to download records of DOE Scientific and Technical Information (STI) in MARC format for use in library catalogs.   The Information Bridge MARC records contain links to the full-text reports found in the Information Bridge.  By using OSTI's MARC download, librarians can now easily expand access to a variety of scientific research straight from their catalogs.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 1600 contains documentation of the following administrative components:  - 1610  Domestic Partners
This dataset is a compendium of Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Public Affairs Press Releases from 1997 to the present.  The collection can be accessed by year and is regularly updated to disseminate DLA news and information to the public.   Sign up to receive Press Releases and News Articles from DLA Public Affairs.
DLA presents summary statistical data pursuant to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No Fear Act).  The Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) data required to be posted by the No FEAR Act contains statistics pertaining to complaints of employment discrimination filed against it by employees, former employees and applicants for employment.
Crash Statistics are summarized crash statistics for large trucks and buses involved in fatal and non-fatal Crashes that occurred in the United States. These statistics are derived from two sources:  the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) and the Motor Carrier Management Information System (MCMIS). Crash Statistics contain information that can be used to identify safety problems in specific geographical areas or to compare state statistics to the national crash figures.
This interactive map displays ship tracks from the Marine Trackline Geophysics database at NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center, which contains bathymetry, magnetics, gravity and seismic navigation data collected during marine cruises from 1939 to the present. Coverage is worldwide. Data sources include both US and foreign oceanographic institutions and government agencies. The map is available in a global (Mercator) projection as well as an Arctic projection.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
A cross-sectional survey of a nationally representative sample of social security beneficiaries age 18-64 receiving disability benefits in active pay status as of June 2009.  The NBS collects data on: 1. work-relevant characteristics of Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) beneficiaries; 2.  work-related goals and activities of SSDI and SSI beneficiaries, particularly as they relate to implementation of the Ticket to Work program; and 3.  service use, barriers to work, and perceptions about TTW and other SSA programs designed to help beneficiaries with disabilities find and keep jobs.
Climate Data online or CDO provides access to climate data products through a simple, searchable online web mapping service. Users can find a variety of NCDC products via CDO including the Global Historical Climatology Network-Daily and the new 1981-2010 Annual, Monthly and Daily 30-year Normals.
Executive orders are official documents, numbered consecutively, through which the President of the United States manages the operations of the Federal Government. The text of Executive orders appears in the daily Federal Register as each Executive order is signed by the President and received by the Office of the Federal Register. The text of Executive orders beginning with Executive Order 7316 of March 13, 1936, also appears in the sequential editions of Title 3 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR).
This dataset provides all of the monitoring data from the the British Petroleum Deepwater Horizon Rig Explosion Emergency Response.  The data were collected between April 28, 2010 and September 29, 2010.
The Dividends by State and County dataset provides the amount of insurance dividends paid in CY 2010 by state and county.  The data is reported at the state level, plus insureds in Military America, Military Europe, Military Pacific, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Marshall Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Table 3: Rail Deliveries to Port
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
A Dataset of DMEPOS Competitive Bid Suppliers that provide Oxygen Supplies and Equipment

Contains data on roadside inspections of large trucks a buses, including violations discovered. The majority of this information comes from state police jurisdictions to FMCSA, although some Federally-conducted inspections are also included.
The EPA Administrative Enforcement Dockets database contains the electronic dockets for administrative penalty cases filed by EPA Regions and Headquarters. Visitors can browse the dockets by year, by statute, EPA region, or a via a free text search.  It should be noted that in some cases, particularly prior to 2008, dockets have not yet been published electronically. For users looking for information not included on the website, please contact the Regional Hearing Clerk where the case was filed.
Table 10: Barge Grain Movements
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of June 2011.
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2010
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme. When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from these final reports are compiled by the USTP for oversight and statistical reporting purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Please review the codebook for variable information.

List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2001
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election cycle. The corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of Election Assistance Commission's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
Decisions involve a carrier's dispute over whether it is liable for transit loss or damage. They also include all kinds of quasi-contractual disputes which are settled under Section 3702 of title 31 of the United States Code.
Interchangeable and Substitutable (I&S) Family Statistics Summary By Federal Supply Class/Federal Supply Group (FSC/FSG) For PICA and SICA (Part B)
The Bureau of Reclamation (Reclamation) surveyed Lake Estes in August of 2001 to develop a topographic map and compute a present storage-elevation relationship (area-capacity tables). The data were used to calculate reservoir capacity lost due tosediment accumulation since dam closure in November of 1948.  The underwater survey was conducted between lake elevation and project datum.  The underwater survey used sonic depth recording equipment interfaced with a global positioning system (GPS) that gave continous sounding positions throughout the underwater. portions of the reservoir covered by the survey vessel.  The above-water topography was determined by digitizing the developed contour lines from the U.S. Geological Survey quadrangle maps of the reservoir area.  The new topographic map of Lake Estes was developed from the combined digitized USGS quadrangle contours and August 2001 underwater measured topography.  This study assumed no change from elevation 7470.0 feet and above.
This raw data set provides the actual number of personnel actions ("Transfer-Outs" and "Separations from the Federal Service") that have taken place within Fiscal Year 2010.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Separations Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, Separation, Date, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Count, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) Series, previously called the National Crime Survey (NCS), has been collecting data on personal and household victimization through an ongoing survey of a nationally-representative sample of residential addresses since 1972. The NCVS was designed with four primary objectives: (1) to develop detailed information about the victims and consequences of crime, (2) to estimate the number and types of crimes both reported and not reported to the police, (3) to provide uniform measures of selected types of crimes, and (4) to permit comparisons over time and types of areas. The survey categorizes crimes as "personal" or "property." Personal crimes include rape and sexual assault, robbery, aggravated and simple assault, and purse-snatching/pocket-picking, while property crimes include burglary, theft, motor vehicle theft, and vandalism. Each respondent is asked a series of screen questions designed to determine whether she or he was victimized during the six-month period preceding the interview. A "household respondent" is also asked to report on crimes against the household as a whole (e.g., burglary, motor vehicle theft). The data include type of crime, month, time, and location of the crime, relationship between victim and offender, characteristics of the offender, self-protective actions taken by the victim during the incident and results of those actions, consequences of the victimization, type of property lost, whether the crime was reported to police and reasons for reporting or not reporting, and offender use of weapons, drugs, and alcohol. Basic demographic information such as age, race, gender, and income is also collected, to enable analysis of crime against various subpopulations.
FVAP post election survey of american citizens residing overseas, including students, but not tourists or those included in the Federal employees overseas population
FY 11 Education Recipients by training type  and VA Education Benefit Program (Through Feb. FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the April. FY11). Training type statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one training type, therefore the total within this table may be different than the total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of September 30, 2011.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The Defense Logistics Agency Energy Fact Book contains information regarding its business operations. The fact book reflects the operational status at the end of fiscal 2010, unless otherwise indicated. The intent of this publication is for general information purposes only.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of September 2011.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Equivalent Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  Starting in FY 2010, the OPM Enterprise Human Resources Integration-Statistical Data Mart (EHRI-SDM) is the source for all FedScope data.  Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
The Bathymetry Data Viewer is an interactive map providing map-based discovery, descriptions, and download capability for bathymetric survey data and digital elevation models archived at NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2010.
The geographic comparability file provides a simple relationship between each 2010 Census county subdivision and its comparable Census 2000 county subdivision (if comparability exists) with an additional comments section to describe more detailed changes.  For the vast majority of records, there is a one-to-one relationship between a 2010 Census county subdivision and a Census 2000 county subdivision, although names and codes may have changed between censuses.  Where a 2010 Census record has no comparable Census 2000 county subdivision information, it is the result of new subdivisions being created from existing areas or the 2010 Census county subdivisions have changed so dramatically as to preclude any comparability.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2008-2010. Available for geographic areas with populations of 20,000 or more.
The purpose of this Instructional Letter (IL) is to outline steps to take when transferring contract files between Acquisition Centers within the Federal Acquisition Service (FAS). The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
NOAA nowCOAST is a Geographic Information System (GIS)-based Web mapping portal which provides users with an integrated, one-stop access to online, real-time coastal environmental observations and NOAA forecasts for the coastal United States. The information includes 1) displays of the latest surface weather and ocean observations, satellite cloud imagery, weather radar reflectivity mosaic, sea surface temperature and meteorological analyses, oceanographic model forecast guidance, gridded weather forecasts, short-duration weather warnings, and tropical cyclone track forecasts and 2) geo-referenced hyperlinks to over fifteen thousands web pages providing current observations from meteorological, oceanographic, river, water and air quality observing networks, NOS and NWS fmodel forecast point guidance,  and NWS weather forecasts. Users can access nowCOAST via its map viewer using a web browser or web map services.

Field Samples are physical media collected during the response which are subsequently analyzed either in a laboratory or in the field using InSitu equipment.  Common field samples include air filters and soil samples.  Radiochemistry analysis typically reports the presence of specific radionuclides measured as total activity or as either activity/unit of mass or activity/unit of volume, depending upon the sample media.  In addition, total beta and total alpha activity may be reported. Currently, air filter and soil sample analysis results may be downloaded through the data repository.  Both data sets are similar; they contain a number of columns describing the collected sample as well as the results of radiochemical analysis.  In addition, there are a number of special fields that are specific to a given sample type; e.g. Air Filters specify the filter type and total volume, while soil samples specify the sample weight. For convenience, the sample information and subsequent analysis has been flattened into a simple tabular format.  Consequently, if a sample has multiple analysis results the sample collection values will be repeated through the set; e.g. sample ID#, barcode, latitude/longitude, collection date etc.  To be included in the data repository, a given sample must meet the following criteria: has a valid latitude, longitude, and collection date; has been sent to a laboratory for analysis, or had analysis performed in the field; has at least one valid analysis result with a reportable unit, nuclide, and activity which has been validated by an authorized laboratory staff member.
The National Weather Service (NWS) Telecommunications Gateway provides current and recent Terminal Aerodrome Forecasts from around the world are available from the NWS ftp://tgftp.nws.noaa.gov/data/forecasts/taf. TAFs are available as individual forecasts or in cycle files. The information available here is represented in a meteorological code .
Air Purifiers (Cleaners) that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Table 2: Market Update: U.S. Origins to Export Position Price Spreads ($/bushel)
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
Figure 12: Grain Barges Unloaded in the New Orleans Port Region
Publicly-available list of suspension and other bilateral agreements administered by IA, including active weblinks to Federal Register copies of agreements/amendments and reference prices under non-market-economy agreements, where applicable
An RSS feed from OSTIBlog, the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Scientific and Technical Information's blog containing conversation and discussion about innovative technologies, ground-breaking search tools that accelerate scientific discovery and other issues.
The coastal management community is challenged to better understand and incorporate spatial patterns of human activities into the management of coastal and ocean resources.   The Spatial Trends in Coastal Socioeconomics or STICS- Web site provides the coastal management community access to several national demographic and economic datasets recompiled in a variety of geographic units that managers must work with on a daily basis, such as:   Placed-based management programs- for example, NOAA National Estuarine Research Reserves and the EPA National Estuary Program Floodplains- for ex., FEMA 100-year flood hazard areas Watersheds- for ex., NOAA estuarine watersheds and USGS hydrologic units Political areas- for ex., counties, states, and state Coastal Zone Management Program boundaries.   STICS currently offers recompiled data from the following national datasets:      * Time series demographic information from the U.S. Census Bureau for the four decadal censuses in 1970, 1980, 1990, and 2000     * Personal income and earnings information-organized by Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) and North American Industry Classifications System (NAICS)-from the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) from 1969 to 2007     * Employment, establishments, wages, and GDP trend 1990-2008 information for the total coastal economy, as measured by the National Ocean Economics Program (NOEP).     * Demographic projections developed by Woods and Poole Economics, Inc. from 1970 to 2040     * Rates of participation in 19 separate coastal recreational activities in the year 2000 at the state level from the National Survey on Recreation in the Environment (NSRE).
Clickable map tool to locate and find information about United States Warehouse Act Licensed Warehouses
Contains data on production, imports, exports, stock change, and consumption of crude oil and petroleum products annually.  Some data series are back to 1900
EPA is conducting soil remediation: contaminated soils are being excavated and hauled offsite to an approved landfill. During soil excavation and backfill activities, we will collect air samples each day to monitor the ambient air for volatile organic compounds (VOCs). At the end of each day, the four summa canisters that have been taking readings will be sent to a lab for analysis. We are measuring approximately 30 different VOCs using the standard lab method TO-15. Results will be compared to the Michigan ambient air standards.  

Acronyms:

AA:	Ambient Air
EA:	Excavation Area
PN: Perimeter North 
PNW: Perimeter Northwest
PS: Perimeter South 
PSW: Perimeter Southwest
ppb: Parts per billion
RPD: Relative Percent Difference
RL: Reporting Limit
MDL: Method Detection Limit


Qualifier definitions:
     *:     Recovery or RPD exceeds control limits
     B:     Compound was found in the blank and sample.
     J:     Result is less than the RL but greater than or equal to the MDL and the concentration is an approximate value.
     U:     Indicates the analyte was analyzed for but not detected.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election cycle. The corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of Election Assistance Commission's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
Contains annual 2009 data on domestic shipments of photovoltaic cells and modules by market sector, end use, and type
List of Unites State Warehouse Act Warehouses removed, suspended or reinstated
Figure 17: Grain Vessel Rates, U.S. to Japan
Commercial Clothes Washers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient and use less water than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
HUD's Neighborhood Stabilization Program (www.hud.gov/nsp) provides emergency assistance to state and local governments to acquire and redevelop foreclosed properties that might otherwise become sources of abandonment and blight within their communities. The Neighborhood Stabilization Program (NSP) provides grants to every state, certain local communities, and other organizations to purchase foreclosed or abandoned homes and to rehabilitate, resell, or redevelop these homes in order to stabilize neighborhoods and stem the decline of house values of neighboring homes. The program is authorized under Title III of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008.
Table 15: Top 10 Importers of U.S. Wheat
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH).  The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 2800 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 2810  Personnel Evaluation  - 2820  Performance Appraisal System for General Schedule and Prevailing Rate  Employees - 2830  Performance Appraisal Plan for the Senior Executive Service - 2850  SFS Recertification Program - 2860  Civil Service Employee Development Programs - 2870  Senior Foreign Service Performance Pay and Presidential Awards
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum by several characteristics.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs.  2 FAM 1100  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 1110 Directives - 1120 Publication in the Federal Register - 1130 Executive Orders, Proclamations, and Other Presidential Documents - 1140 Delegations of Authority - 1150 Forms Management - 1160 Information Collections under the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) - 1180 Rulemaking
The National Appeals Division (NAD) is responsible for listening to farmers and other rural program participants concerning their disputes with certain agencies within the Department of Agriculture (USDA) and reaching the right decision for the right reason through fair and impartial administrative hearings and appeals.  Archived and redacted appealability, hearing, review, reconsideration and Equal Access to Justice Act (EAJA) decisions issued by NAD are available on the Web.
The annual data tables contained in this document provide summary statistics on the civil enforcement activities of the United States Trustee Program.  These tables summarize data for Fiscal Year 2005 through Fiscal Year 2011 (October 1, 2004 through September 30, 2011).  This report covers formal actions.  Formal actions include all motions, complaints, and objections filed by Program personnel with the bankruptcy court seeking some type of relief.
his query tool provides quick access to GLCFS input data and model output for a given location and time period, 2006-present (in partnership with GLOS).
This file contains reported cases of impacts between on-track equipment and any user of a public or private highway-rail intersection. National files from 1975 through the current year are available for download. In addition, individual files by State are available for the years 1991 through the current year.
The NOHRSC provides and maintains the NWS Integrated Hydrologic Automated Basin Boundary System (IHABBS) GIS database to support river and flood forecasting throughout the nation. Basin boundary data sets and RFC boundaries are in the form of shapefiles that have been tarred and gzipped.
The Allowances Query Wizard is part of a suite of Clean Air Markets-related tools that are accessible at http://camddataandmaps.epa.gov/gdm/index.cfm. The Allowances module allows the user to view allowance data associated with EPA's emissions trading programs. Allowance data can be specified and organized using the Allowance Query Wizard to find allowances information associated with specific accounts, companies, transactions, programs, facilities, representatives, allowance type, or by date. Quick Reports and Prepackaged Datasets are also available for data that are commonly requested.  EPA's Clean Air Markets Division (CAMD) includes several market-based regulatory programs designed to improve air quality and ecosystems. The most well-known of these programs are EPA's Acid Rain Program and the NOx Programs, which reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen oxides (NOx)-compounds that adversely affect air quality, the environment, and public health. CAMD also plays an integral role in the development and implementation of the Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR).
The Marine Recreational Information Program, or MRIP, is the new way NOAA Fisheries is counting and reporting marine recreational catch and effort. It is a customer-driven initiative that will not only produce better estimates, but will do so through a process grounded in the principles of transparency, accountability and engagement. MRIP replaces the Marine Recreational Fisheries Statistics Survey, or MRFSS, which has been in place since the 1970s.
IBTrACS provides tropical cyclone best track data in a centralized location to aid our understanding of the distribution, frequency, and intensity of tropical cyclones worldwide.
Table 7: Tariff Rail Rates for Unit and Shuttle Train Shipments
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
This is the Federal Acquisition Institute's (FAI's) annual demographic report on the Federal acquisition workforce, showing trends by occupational series, employment grade and educational level, as well as turnover and hiring data for fiscal year (FY) 2007.
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election cycle. The corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of Election Assistance Commission's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
Table 13: Top 5 Importers of U.S. Corn
An Allotment is an area of land designated and managed for grazing of livestock.  It may include private, state, and public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management and/or other federal agencies.
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election cycle. The corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of Election Assistance Commission's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
The WATERS Web and Database services provide open interfaces to complex analyses. These services make extensive use of the NHD and referenced program data in the RAD, and also integrate other WATERS program data. Designed as loosely coupled modular units, the services are developed in a common architecture. Returns precalculated summary information about the surface water and the EPA water quality and other information by state, Hydrologic Unit Code (HUC) 8 subbasins and (National Hydrography Dataset) NHD Feature Codes.
The TAO array (renamed the TAO/TRITON array on 1 January 2000) consists of approximately 70 moorings in the Tropical Pacific Ocean, telemetering oceanographic and meteorological data to shore in real-time via the Argos satellite system.  The array is a major component of the El Nino/Southern Oscillation (ENSO) Observing System, the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) and the Global Ocean Observing System (GOOS).  Support is provided primarily by the United States (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration) and Japan (Japan Agency for Marine-earth Science and TEChnology).
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum by several characteristics.
NOAA's Environmental Response Management Application (ERMA) is a web-based Geographic Information System (GIS) tool that assists both emergency responders and environmental resource managers in dealing with incidents that may adversely impact the environment. ERMA Pacific Northwest integrates and synthesizes various real-time and static datasets into a single interactive map, thus provides fast visualization of the situation and improves communication and coordination among responders and environmental stakeholders.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
The 2001 Residential Finance Survey (RFS) was sponsored by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and conducted by the Census Bureau. The RFS is a follow-on survey to the 2000 decennial census designed to collect, process, and produce information about the financing of all nonfarm, residential properties. The 1991 data is also available.
Roof Products that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
National Weather Service (NWS) Advanced Hydrologic Prediction Service (AHPS) Flood Inundation Map (FIM) Libraries include maps ranging from minor flooding through major or record flooding, whichever is greater. At AHPS locations where the libraries have been implemented, Emergency Managers are able to see the spatial extent of flooding for various river stage levels, enhance coordination with NWS, and enable more informed decisions for flood preparedness, response, and mitigation. Flood maps depicting the spatial extent and depth of floodwaters, linked to National Weather Service (NWS) river forecasts and warnings, provide critical decision support information to FEMA regional Offices, emergency managers, and other local officials before and during a flood. These data can be used to support flood plain management, enhance Emergency Action Plans, and facilitate proactive efforts to preposition people and resources to save lives and property.
The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) sponsored a study of the work schedules and sleep patterns of railroad employees. The purpose of the study was to understand work-schedule related fatigue that affects various categories of railroad employees by documenting a group's work/rest schedules and sleep patterns to ascertain their impact on the level of fatigue/alertness. Employees surveyed include: signalmen, maintenance of way (MOW) workers, dispatchers, and train & engine service workers (in both freight and passenger train service)
This spreadsheet lists the active single-employer pensions plans insured by PBGC. Plans are identified by name, employer identification number (EIN) and plan number (PN).
The United States Trustee Program's duties include approving nonprofit budget and credit counseling agencies (credit counseling agencies) for inclusion on a publicly available list of approved credit counseling agencies.  If a United States Trustee decides not to approve or to remove a credit counseling agency from the approved list, that credit counseling agency may obtain administrative review of the decision from the Executive Office for U.S. Trustees.  This link provides a copy of the Executive Office's administrative decisions, although certain information has been redacted.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Using data submitted by each zone, the FTZ Board prepares and submits a report annually to Congress summarizing activity conducted in foreign-trade zones throughout the year.  The full report is available on the FTZ Board website.
This tariff search tool allows users to find tariff information on specific industrial goods covered under the U.S. FTAs. The tool shows the tariff applied on the date the FTA enters into force and the rates each subsequent year as the tariffs are eliminated under the agreement.
The Annual Survey of Public-Employee Retirement Systems (State- and Locally-Administered Pensions) provides revenues, expenditures, financial assets, and membership information for defined-benefit public employee retirement systems. Data are shown for individual retirement systems as well as at the national, state, and local level by state.
HUD's Neighborhood Stabilization Program (www.hud.gov/nsp) provides emergency assistance to state and local governments to acquire and redevelop foreclosed properties that might otherwise become sources of abandonment and blight within their communities. The Neighborhood Stabilization Program (NSP) provides grants to every state, certain local communities, and other organizations to purchase foreclosed or abandoned homes and to rehabilitate, resell, or redevelop these homes in order to stabilize neighborhoods and stem the decline of house values of neighboring homes. The program is authorized under Title III of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of June 2010.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Provides history of  project costs, schedule and variance information.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.   3 FAM 2300 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 2310  Merit Promotion and Placement Program - 2320  Promotion of the Members of the Foreign Service - 2330  Hours of Work - 2340  Personnel Actions - 2350  Personnel Records - 2360  Telework
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of February 29, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The Foreign Campaigns data contains data on current and past NHTSA foreign campaigns including the Data Received and the specific manufacturer. You can search the database for foreign campaign information using any or all of the following search criteria: - The dates when NHTSA received the foreign campaign information. - The name of the domestic manufacturer involved in the campaign.
The WATERS Web and Database services provide open interfaces to complex analyses. These services make extensive use of the NHD and referenced program data in the RAD, and also integrate other WATERS program data. Designed as loosely coupled modular units, the services are developed in a common architecture. The Upstream/Downstream service is designed to provide standard stream network traversal and discovery functions. The traversal request may include a description of where, on the stream network, to begin the traversal, a description of where or how to end the traversal, and a list of one or more formats for the returned results. The Upstream/Downstream service receives the stream network traversal request, performs the traversal, and returns the requested results. The Upstream/Downstream service is an elemental function to be used by applications as a stand alone service or in combination with other WATERS (Watershed Assessment, Tracking & Environmental ResultS) services. All Upstream/Downstream executions require a navigation type and at least one start point. All other input parameters are optional.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of October 2012.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
"Access data on nonimmigrant admissions by class, country, and other characteristics for fiscal year 2010"
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 2 FAM 600  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 610  Elementary and Secondary Education Abroad - 620  Educational Facility Reporting Requirements - 630  Standard Provisions of the Award Under 22 U.S.C. 2701 (Section 29 of the Department Of State Basic Authorities Act of 1956, as amended by the Foreign Service Act of 1980) - 640  Standard Provisions of the Award Under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as Amended - 650  Standard Provisions of the Award Under the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act 0f 1961, as Amended
Room Air Conditioners that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) sponsored a study of the work schedules and sleep patterns of railroad employees. The purpose of the study was to understand work-schedule related fatigue that affects various categories of railroad employees by documenting a group's work/rest schedules and sleep patterns to ascertain their impact on the level of fatigue/alertness. Employees surveyed include: signalmen, maintenance of way (MOW) workers, dispatchers, and train & engine service workers (in both freight and passenger train service)
NOAA's Environmental Response Management Application (ERMA) is a web-based Geographic Information System (GIS) tool that assists both emergency responders and environmental resource managers in dealing with incidents that may adversely impact the environment. ERMA integrates and synthesizes various real-time and static datasets into a single interactive map, thus provides fast visualization of the situation and improves communication and coordination among responders and environmental stakeholders.
Desktops and Integrated Computers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The Environmental Response Management Application ''® (ERMA) is a web-based Geographic Information System (GIS) tool that assists both emergency responders and environmental resource managers in dealing with incidents that may adversely impact the environment. ERMA integrates and synthesizes various real-time and static datasets into a single interactive map, thus provides fast visualization of the situation and improves communication and coordination among responders and environmental stakeholders.
PORTS is a decision support tool that improves the safety and efficiency of maritime commerce and coastal resource management through the integration of real-time environmental observations, forecasts and other geospatial information. PORTS''''''''''''® measures and disseminates observations and predictions of water levels, currents, salinity, and meteorological parameters (e.g., winds, atmospheric pressure, air and water temperatures) that mariners need to navigate safely.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of October 2012.
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's (FMCSA) Safety Management System (SMS) is an automated data system used by FMCSA to monitor motor carrier on-road safety performance. FMCSA analyzes safety performance by grouping carrier data in the SMS into seven Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (BASICs) which are, in turn, used to identify potential safety problems with individual carriers and determine when an enforcement intervention might be appropriate. The SMS Tool is hosted on the FMCSA Analysis and Information website, and is available to the public. Additional access to data is available for Federal and State enforcement personnel as well as to motor carriers to their own data via the FMCSA Portal.
USTR's 2009 FOIA Log
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 04/30/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013. The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. By expanding the initiative to include data centers of any size, we expected the baseline to increase.  We now have a comprehensive inventory of all data centers varying in size.  Although our baseline has increased, we are still committed to consolidate over 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs at cio.gov/fdcci.
Water Coolers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Workstation Computers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Figure 16:  U.S. Gulf Vessel Loading Activity
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
This table contains the total number of  oil and gas leases, by state, considered "in effect" by the BLM at the end of each fiscal year.
View reports profiling the current trade and tariff environment between the United States and Panama, and the sector-specific market access results of the U.S.-Panama Trade Promotion.
Light Fixtures that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of January 2013.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of April 2012.
Overview of contract information including information matched with USAspending.gov.
The DTIC Thesaurus provides a broad multidisciplinary subject term vocabulary that aids in information search and retrieval. Subject terms, called Descriptors, are organized into hierarchies, where series of narrower terms are linked to broader terms.
The Quick Facts and Trends module is part of a suite of Clean Air Markets-related tools that are accessible at http://camddataandmaps.epa.gov/gdm/index.cfm.  The Quick Facts and Trends module provides charts and graphs depicting national trends in emissions and heat input. The user can view, for example, data pertaining to the top annual and ozone season emitters of a selected pollutant, the number of units and facilities in a particular state, and trends in sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and carbon dioxide emissions.  EPA's Clean Air Markets Division (CAMD) includes several market-based regulatory programs designed to improve air quality and ecosystems. The most well-known of these programs are EPA's Acid Rain Program and the NOx Programs, which reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen oxides (NOx)-compounds that adversely affect air quality, the environment, and public health. CAMD also plays an integral role in the development and implementation of the Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR).
FVAP post election survey of active duty members and full-time active reservists who are US citizens w/more than 4 months of service. Spouses and children of military members are not included
Civil Penalty Action Reports (summary tables in PDF format)
The Air Markets Program Data tool allows users to search EPA data to answer scientific, general, policy, and regulatory questions about industry emissions. Air Markets Program Data (AMPD) is a web-based application that allows users easy access to both current and historical data collected as part of EPA's emissions trading programs. This site allows you to create and view reports and to download emissions data for further analysis. AMPD provides a query tool so users can create custom queries of industry source emissions data, allowance data, compliance data, and facility attributes. In addition, AMPD provides interactive maps, charts, reports, and pre-packaged datasets. AMPD does not require any additional software, plug-ins, or security controls and can be accessed using a standard web browser.
The NOMADS Ensemble Probability Tool is a tool that is designed to allow users to interrogate the high volume NCEP Global Ensemble (GENS) weather forecast model data (http://www.nco.ncep.noaa.gov/pmb/products/gens/) without downloading the data itself. The tool allows the user to describe a set of conditions and determine the probability that that set of conditions will occur at a given location.  By using this tool, users actually obtain 6hrly Probability Distribution Functions (PDF) output by using multiple OPeNDAP calls to each of the 21-member NCEP Global Ensemble System (GENS) forecasts and provides percentages of probability that a specific weather event may occur out to a forecast period to 16 days.  The data is passed via OpenDAP back to the application, where it is read using the Java NetCDF library, and then the probabilities are calculated.Prototype sms messaging (cell phone) alerts have already been developed at the request of the World Bank.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 2 FAM 1200  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 1210 General Processing - 1240 Legislation - 1250 Treaties and Other International Agreements - 1260 Requests for Economic Information / Data - 1270 Organization Symbols - 1290 Authentication Services
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2008-2010. Available for geographic areas with populations of 20,000 or more.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP award recipients for 2000.
The United States Trustee Program's duties include supervising private bankruptcy trustees.  If a United States Trustee decides to suspend or terminate case assignments to a panel or standing trustee, that trustee may obtain administrative review of the decision from the Executive Office for U.S. Trustees.  Links to these decisions are provided here, although certain information has been redacted in the interest of personal privacy.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
InPort is the centralized repository of documentation (metadata) for NMFS data and the tools to access the data, as required by the Data and Information Policy Directive and the Data Documentation Procedural Directive. As NMFS's official metadata catalog, InPort is the single most important component in NMFS Enterprise Data Management (EDM) architecture which enables our customers to find, access and understand our vast array of data and information.
The most current Highway-Rail Crossing Inventory for each State is available for download.
The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act Information (RCRAInfo) is used by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to track entities regulated under RCRAInfo subtitle C (hazardous waste handlers). RCRAInfo includes data on general handler information, permit or closure status, compliance with federal and state regulations, cleanup activities, financial assurance responsibilities and geospatial information.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
post-award contract disputes between government contractors and the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other entities with whom the ASBCA has entered into agreements to provide services.
The Annual Survey of Public-Employee Retirement Systems (State-Administered Pensions) provides revenues, expenditures, financial assets, liabilities  and membership information for defined benefit public employee retirement systems. Data are shown by state, for the state-administered systems. There are 222 state-administered public employee retirement systems.
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2000
FY 11 Education Recipients by training type  and VA Education Benefit Program (Through June FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the June FY11). Training type statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one training type, therefore the total within this table may be different than the total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
Honduras FTA Tariff Schedule
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2010. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
This dataset contains data about domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election cycle. The corresponding comprehensive report addresses voter registration, uniformed and overseas citizen voting, domestic absentee voting, provisional balloting, poll books, polling place, precincts, poll workers, and voting technology used in the 2008 election. The Election Administration and Voting Survey report is part of Election Assistance Commission's Election Administration and Voting Survey biennial project.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of December 2010.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.

Provides detailed information from Census 2000.  It contains 47 detailed tables focusing on age, sex, households, families, and occupied housing units for the total population. These tables are repeated for 249 detailed population groups.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of October 31, 2010.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
This dataset provides all of the sampling data from the the British Petroleum Deepwater Horizon Rig Explosion Emergency Response.  The data were collected between April 28, 2010 and September 29, 2010.
U.S. Official Development Assistance, Other Official Flows  and Private Flows to developing countries for calendar year 2010. This is the official U.S. government submission of the CRS++ table to the OECD/DAC.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Refer to 3 FAH 1400 "Arrangements for Senior and Presidential Appointees" for additional relevant information.The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 1400 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 1410  Arrangements for Presidential Appointees  -  1420 Transfer of Office
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 2200 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 2210  Appointments - 2220  Personnel Security - 2230  Categories of Foreign Service Personnel - 2240  Foreign Service Officer Career Candidate Program - 2250  Foreign Service Specialist Career Candidate Program - 2260  The Senior Foreign Service Officer Career Candidate Program - 2270  Senior Executive Service Merit Staffing - 2280  Superior Qualifications Appointments - 2290  Limited Noncareer Appointments under Section 303 of the Foreign Service Act
The Annual Survey of Public-Employee Retirement Systems (State- and Locally-Administered Pensions) provides revenues, expenditures, financial assets, and membership information for defined-benefit public employee retirement systems. Data are shown for individual retirement systems as well as at the national, state, and local level by state.
Groundfish diet data collected during the Alaska Fisheries Science Center (NOAA/NMFS) groundfish surveys in the eastern Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska regions from 1981 through 2007. Diet data is associated with corresponding haul location data. Diet data is described to the lowest practical taxon with the exception of fish and crab prey which are generally described to the species level. These data are stored in an Oracle 11 database and manipulated for presentation via MSAccess07. For presentation purposes, diet data have been grouped into 125 common prey categories.  This research proposed to further define and understand the marine ecosystems that involves commercially important groundfish in the Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands and Gulf of Alaska.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2010 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The dataset represents the Networx Universal and Enterprise business volume by contractor, agency, contract vehicle and month for the centralized billing account. This represents the business volume of each government agency that has ordered telecommunications services from the Networx contract.
Data on imports of crude oil and/or petroleum products into the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands other U.S. possessions, and Foreign Trade Zones located in the 50 States and DC by each importer of record.
Crash Statistics are summarized crash statistics for large trucks and buses involved in fatal and non-fatal Crashes that occurred in the United States. These statistics are derived from two sources:  the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) and the Motor Carrier Management Information System (MCMIS). Crash Statistics contain information that can be used to identify safety problems in specific geographical areas or to compare state statistics to the national crash figures.
Decisions involve claims related to uniformed service members' pay, allowances, travel, transportation, retired pay, and survivor benefits
The Compliance Query Wizard is part of a suite of Clean Air Markets-related tools that are accessible at http://camddataandmaps.epa.gov/gdm/index.cfm. The Compliance module provides final compliance results. Using the Compliance Query Wizard, the user can find compliance information associated with specific programs, facilities, states or time frames. Quick Reports and Prepackaged Datasets are also available for data that are commonly requested. Final compliance results are available for all years since 1995 for the Acid Rain Program and for the various NOx trading programs EPA has operated since 1999.  EPA's Clean Air Markets Division (CAMD) includes several market-based regulatory programs designed to improve air quality and ecosystems. The most well-known of these programs are EPA's Acid Rain Program and the NOx Programs, which reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen oxides (NOx)-compounds that adversely affect air quality, the environment, and public health. CAMD also plays an integral role in the development and implementation of the Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR).
El Salvador FTA Tariff Schedule
Table 5: Rail Car Auction Offerings
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Department of Housing and Urban Development establishes the rent adjustment factors - called Annual Adjustment Factors (AAFs) - on the basis of Consumer Price Index (CPI) data relating to changes in residential rent and utility costs.
This collection is from the RACE survey dataset where specimens were collected during groundfish trawl and acoustic surveys.  The Age and Growth Program is a service organization that provides age data that contributes to our basic understanding of a species whether it is in the context of sustainable fisheries, species conservation, or species ecology. The program is primarily focused on age data for age structured modeling of exploited fish populations.
The DOE Data Explorer (DDE) can be used to find scientific research data - such as computer simulations, numeric data files, figures and plots, interactive maps, multimedia, and scientific images - generated in the course of DOE-sponsored research in various science disciplines.  The DOE Data Explorer provides access both to collections and to individual datasets that have been submitted to OSTI by their creator, by a DOE National Laboratory, or by a DOE Data Center.
Website provides a subscription service to receive an email when changes occur in the activity levels for monitored U.S. volcanoes and/or when information releases are sent out.  Updates and releases happen either daily, weekly, or monthly or when activity at a volcano increases or decreases.  Users are able to select regions, volcanoes, or alert levels as filters.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's (FMCSA) Safety Management System (SMS) is an automated data system used by FMCSA to monitor motor carrier on-road safety performance. FMCSA analyzes safety performance by grouping carrier data in the SMS into seven Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (BASICs) which are, in turn, used to identify potential safety problems with individual carriers and determine when an enforcement intervention might be appropriate.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2010 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Subset of the Alaska observer groundfish data, aggregating by 400km square cells and eliminating cells with less than 3 vessels to create a public version of the Alaska groundfish observer data. Allows visitors use of the aggregated observer data to create maps. These maps are designed to provide a better understanding of where groundfish are caught in the Aleutian Islands, Bering Sea and Gulf of Alaska.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
NOAA (National Ocean Service) Office of National Marine Sanctuaries' Media Library is an online vault where a comprehensive collection of select video clips and high-resolution still images from America's underwater treasures are securely stored and available for searchable access and download.
Crash Statistics are summarized crash statistics for large trucks and buses involved in fatal and non-fatal Crashes that occurred in the United States. These statistics are derived from two sources:  the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) and the Motor Carrier Management Information System (MCMIS). Crash Statistics contain information that can be used to identify safety problems in specific geographical areas or to compare state statistics to the national crash figures.
Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative (FDCCI) Data Center Closings 2010-2013
The Administration has expanded the data center consolidation initiative to include data centers of any size, rather than just those 500 square feet and above. And as we expand the initiative we are also expanding our goal. Moving forward, the government’s goal will be to close at least 40% of identified data centers, consistent with our original consolidation goal. That means we’ll be looking to consolidate at least 1200 data centers by the end of 2015 – a goal that requires us to continue aggressively rooting out duplication and waste in our expanded baseline of 3,133 data centers. As of March 2012, updates reflect a shift from calendar year to fiscal year reporting. This dataset reflects information provided by the agencies. All questions or inquiries should be directed to the specific agencies. The FY2010 through FY2013 dataset provides a list of planned or closed data centers by agency and by city/state location since the FDCCI started in February 2010. The Data Center Consolidation Task Force meets monthly to review the progress of each consolidation project and ensure government-wide alignment among agency efforts, where appropriate. The Task Force comprises data center program managers, facilities managers, and sustainability officers from 24 agencies that work together to share progress toward individual agency goals. As its work evolves, the Task Force will serve as a "community of practice" for agency CIOs and data center program managers to share best practices and enhance consolidation effectiveness. See collateral information about the FDCCI, including the definition of a data center and other FAQs (http://www.cio.gov/pages.cfm/page/FDCCI ).
The dataset represents the Networx Universal and Enterprise business volume by contractor, agency, contract vehicle and month for the centralized billing account. This represents the business volume of each government agency that has ordered telecommunications services from the Networx contract.
View reports profiling potential state-specific benefits of the U.S.-Panama Trade Agreement.
Provides the amount of Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) coverage by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the amount of VGLI coverage as of February 29, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, coverage is not identified by individual country.  The total amount of coverage was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Crash Statistics are summarized crash statistics for large trucks and buses involved in fatal and non-fatal Crashes that occurred in the United States. These statistics are derived from two sources:  the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) and the Motor Carrier Management Information System (MCMIS). Crash Statistics contain information that can be used to identify safety problems in specific geographical areas or to compare state statistics to the national crash figures.
High Efficiency Gas Storage Water Heaters that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The Southeast and Caribbean Data Explorer provides public access to NOAA geospatial data within the land areas of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the US Virgin Islands, and the marine environment directly adjacent to these lands. This one-stop shop for NOAA geospatial data within the region can be searched by keyword, topic, or location.
The Marine Protected Areas Viewer is an online, interactive mapping tool designed to enable exploration of the MPA Inventory without the need for GIS expertise.  The MPA Inventory is a comprehensive catalog that provides detailed information for existing marine protected areas in the United States.  The inventory provides geospatial boundary information (in polygon format) and classification attributes that seek to define the conservation objectives, protection level, governance and related management criteria for all sites in the database.  The comprehensive inventory of federal, state, and territorial MPA sites provides governments and stakeholders with access to information to make better decisions about the current and future use of place-based conservation. The information also will be used to inform the development of the national system of marine protected areas as required by Executive Order 13158.
The 2006-2010 ACS 5-Year American Indian and Alaska Native Tables (AIANT) use ACS data aggregated over a 5-year period to provide reliable estimates of detailed social, economic, and housing characteristics for many tribal population groups at multiple levels of geography. Detailed tables on topics such as educational attainment, fertility, nativity, citizenship, income, poverty, and homeownership are iterated for many tribal population groups. For the AIAN, detailed tables are presented for up to 950 population groups in selected geographies such as American Indian and Alaska Native areas where population thresholds were met.
Table 14: Top 5 Importers of U.S. Soybeans
The National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) Geoportal Server provides a suite of new data discovery and access services to one of the nation's primary sources of geophysical data. Covering the spectrum from sea floor bathymetry to solar data, the NGDC archives can now be easily searched by time, space and theme keywords. Geoportal is not only integrated into NGDC's metadata management workflow, but it also provides a federated capability for users to search across all three NOAA data centers using the same technology. While offering a more enhanced interface for human-to-machine discovery and access, Geoportal supports a robust set of standard machine-to-machine web services.
Set-Top Boxes and Cable Boxes that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
Provides the amount of Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) coverage by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the amount of VGLI coverage as of October 31, 2011.  For members who reside outside the United States, coverage is not identified by individual country.  The total amount of coverage was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
Oman FTA Tariff Schedule
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 2 FAM 500 contains documentation of the following administrative components:  - 510 Service of Legal Process
The National Ocean Service (NOS) Data Explorer Geoportal application provides centralized access to distributed NOS geospatial data, tools, applications and services.  This Web mapping application allows users to search and access geospatial data via the NOS master catalog of FGDC metadata.  Examples of  NOS geospatial data available via this site include: NOAA Nautical Charts, bathymetry, and shoreline data; Coastal Change and Analysis data (LiDAR and IfSAR data), remotely sensed imagery and aerial photography; Benthic habitat maps, National Marine Sanctuaries Boundaries and protected areas data;  Environmental Sensitivity Index maps that provide critical information for oil spill responders and other emergency response needs; Geodetic control benchmarks, coastal and marine observational data including real time tides and currents data for marine navigation and much more.
NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) provides three years of support for graduate study leading to research-based masters or doctoral degrees in disciplines relevant to the mission of the Foundation. This dataset includes GRFP Honorable Mention recipients for 2011.
Boilers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
This collection of documents includes ADA Regulations and Technical Assistance Materials, ADA Legal Documents, General ADA Publications and Information, and Business and Non-profit Service Providers.
The Global Drifter Program consists of the two components:  The Drifter Data Assembly Center and the Operations Center.  The primary goal of the DAC is to assemble and provide uniform quality control of sea surface temperature (SST) and surface velocity measurements. These measurements are obtained as part of an international program designed to make these data available in an effort to improve climate prediction. Climate prediction models require accurate estimates of SST to initialize their ocean component. Drifting buoys provide essential ground truth SST data for this purpose. The models also require validation by comparison with independent data sets. Surface velocity measurements are used for this validation. The AOML Drifter Operations Center manages the deployment of drifting buoys around the world. Using research ships, Volunteer Observation Ships (VOS) and aircraft, Lagrangian drifters are placed in areas of interest. Once verified operational, they are reported to AOML's Drifter Data Assembly Center. Incoming data from the drifters are then placed on the Global Telecommunications System (GTS) for distribution to meteorological services everywhere.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Table 8: Tariff Rail Rates for U.S. Bulk Grain Shipments to Mexico
Global full disk satellite images from 1983 to present.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Website provides plain-English description of the alert notification system that the USGS has adopted nationwide for characterizing the level of unrest and eruptive activity at the volacnoes and explanation of the alert levels and aviation color codes.
Hazmat Incident Report Search tool allows users to search for incidents involving hazardous material while in transportation and export the results to a text file for further analysis.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2006. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Table 17: Weekly Port Region Grain Ocean Vessel Activity (number of vessels)
Website provides succint, plain-English messages aimed at dispatchers, pilots, and air traffic controllers to inform them of volcanic unrest and eruptive activity that could produce ash-cloud hazards.
An online query tool for accessing the most current and comprehensive national summary statistics on U.S. commercial and recreational fisheries landings. The FOSS query tool allows scientists, managers, and the public to query non-confidential commercial and recreational fisheries landings  (three or more vessels or companies) for U.S. vessels in both domestic and foreign ports, as well as for recreational shore anglers.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Central Air Conditioners/Air Source Heat Pumps that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  Note that this list excludes models that have been certified through AHRI.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
A signal activation failure occurs at a grade crossing when warning signals are not activated by an approaching consist. False proceeds occur when a signal improperly gives a consist an order to proceed.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 2600 contains documentation of the following administrative components:  - 2610  Position Management - 2620  Foreign Service Skill Code System - 2630  Position Classification - 2640  Position Classification Appeals
Dairy Market News covers the supply, demand, and price situation every week on a regional, national, and international basis for milk, butter, cheese, and dry and fluid products.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2008. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
This collection of documents includes Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Briefs and Statements of Interest organized by Title I, Title II, Title III, and Section 504.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur. 3 FAM 2900 contains documentation of the following administrative components:  - 2910  Career Transition Assistance-General Provisions - 2920  Career Transition Assistance - 2930  Special Selection Priority for the Department's Local Surplus or Displaced Employees - 2940  Reemployment Priority List (RPL)
Table 12: U.S. Export Balances and Cumulative Exports
This raw data set provides Federal civilian employee population data as of March 2010.  The scope of this raw data set includes all data elements used in the creation of the FedScope Employment Cube (http://www.fedscope.opm.gov/). The following workforce characteristics are available for analysis: Agency, State/Country, Occupation, Occupation Category, Pay Plan & Grade, GS & Related Grade, Salary Level ($10,000 interval), Work Schedule, Type of Appointment, Gender, Age (5 year interval), Length of Service (5 year interval), Employment, Average Salary, and Average Length of Service.  The Central Personnel Data File (CPDF) is the source for all FedScope data. Data is processed on a quarterly basis (i.e. March, June, September and December).
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of June 30, 2011.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Number of life insurance policies for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 07/31/11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
A data file is provided on this page for the current registration year and each of the previous years. Each file contains information supplied by the registered company in the application that includes the specified year, including the company name and address, contact information, business classifications, associated identification numbers, and an indication of the activities requiring registration in which the company engages. Because amendments to existing registrations and new registrations for any year are possible, these files are updated regularly
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
FVAP post election survey of department of state voting assistance officers.
The United States Trustee Program's duties include approving providers of an instructional course concerning personal financial management (debtor education providers) for inclusion on a publicly available list of approved providers.  If a United States Trustee decides not to approve or to remove a provider from the approved list, that provider may obtain administrative review of the decision from the Executive Office for U.S. Trustees.  Links to these decisions are provided here, although certain information has been redacted.
Reports on selected Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) activities of the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division from April 1994 to the present.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Series of Incident data and summary statistics reports produced which provide statistical information on incidents by type, year, geographical location, and others. The data provided is that from the Hazardous Materials Incident Report Form 5800.1
Information on donor contributions through the 2010 Combined Federal Campaign by local campaign. Data includes information on the number of donors, campaign costs, payroll deduction contributions, and recipient organizations.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
Heat Pump Water Heaters that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of April 30, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.

Series of Incident data and summary statistics reports produced which provide statistical information on incidents by type, year, geographical location, and others. The data provided is that from the Hazardous Materials Incident Report Form 5800.1
Find out about retirement trends in PBGC's data tables. The tables include statistics on the people and pensions that PBGC protects, including how many Americans are in PBGC-insured pension plans, how many get PBGC benefits, and where they live.
This table contains the total number of well bores started (spudded), by state, during each fiscal year. "Spudding in," or to "spud" a well bore, means to begin drilling operations, so a spudded well bore is one where drilling operations have begun.
Absentee voting data on active duty military, voting assistance officers, overseas citizens and local election officials
Output and documentation from a set of multi-century experiments performed using NOAA/GFDL's climate models. Users can download files, display data file attributes, and graphically display the data. Data sets include those from CM2.X experiments associated with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Assessment Report (IPCC) and the US Climate Change Science Program (US CCSP).
This product includes 10 km, remapped GOES-East/West composited images in infrared, visible, shortwave infrared and water vapor imagery and loops. The following infrared enhancements are also available: AVN, Dvorak, JSL, RGB, Funktop, and Rainbow. This product is generated every 30 Minutes.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
FY 11 Education Recipients by training type  and VA Education Benefit Program (Through June FY11). The data represents the number of individuals by VA education program who have used their VA education benefit during fiscal year 2011(Through the June FY11). Training type statistics may include individuals who used their education benefits in more than one training type, therefore the total within this table may be different than the total number of beneficiaries during the fiscal year.
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
Figure 4, 5, 6: Bids/Offers for Railcars to be Delivered in the Secondary Market
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
This 2012 digest of key S&E indicators is an interactive tool that draws from the National Science Board's (NSB's) Science and Engineering Indicators report. The digest serves to draw attention to important trends and data points from across Indicators and to introduce readers to the data resources available in the report.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) sponsored a study of the work schedules and sleep patterns of railroad employees. The purpose of the study was to understand work-schedule related fatigue that affects various categories of railroad employees by documenting a group's work/rest schedules and sleep patterns to ascertain their impact on the level of fatigue/alertness. Employees surveyed include: signalmen, maintenance of way (MOW) workers, dispatchers, and train & engine service workers (in both freight and passenger train service)
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2010.
This area of the website provides information on three of the safety programs established by FMCSA to support this mission. The three programs covered by this area include reviews, roadside inspections of commercial vehicles and drivers, and traffic enforcement stops of CMVs operating in an unsafe manner. Each program is implemented in conjunction with the states and devoted to improving motor carrier safety by reducing the number and severity of crashes involving large trucks and buses.
Fishery-Independent Survey System (FINSS) is a national system that characterizes NMFS ocean observation activities and data collection during the fishery-independent surveys, and provides up-to-date information to fishery scientists, managers and general public through flexible database querying, digital mapping and tabular reporting applications.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
Figure 7: Railroad Fuel Surcharges, North American Weight Average
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Argo is a global array of 3,200 free-drifting profiling floats that measures the temperature and salinity of the upper 2000 m of the ocean.  This allows, for the first time, continuous monitoring of the temperature, salinity, and velocity of the upper ocean, with all data being relayed and made publicly available within hours after collection.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Website provides plain-English description of the alert notification system that the USGS has adopted nationwide for characterizing the level of unrest and eruptive activity at the volacnoes and explanation of the alert levels and aviation color codes.
The Index to Marine and Lacustrine Geological Samples Map Viewer provided by NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center is an interactive map providing access to metadata, data, and images about seafloor and lakebed cores, grabs, and dredge samples (sediment and rock) curated by and available from participating institutions. The map is available in a global (Mercator) projection as well as an Arctic projection. For more information about the Index to Marine and Lacustrine Geological Samples, please see http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg/curator.
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum by several characteristics.
Provides the amount of Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) coverage by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the amount of VGLI coverage as of September 30, 2011.  For members who reside outside the United States, coverage is not identified by individual country.  The total amount of coverage was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
Summary ("count") data submitted to the Safety & Security Module of the NTD. Reflects counts of incidents, fatalities, injuries, fires, collisions, etc.
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 7-31-11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
2010 Initial Toxics Release Inventory data
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Thank you for your interest in Early Learning! A robust body of research demonstrates that high-quality early learning programs and services can improve young children’s health, social-emotional, and cognitive outcomes; enhance school readiness across a range of domains; and help close the school readiness gap that exists between children with high needs and their peers at the time they enter kindergarten. To address the inequities that exist when children begin school, the Department has identified, as high priorities, strengthening the quality early learning programs from birth through third grade.

You can use the tools below to look at individual discretionary grant programs that focus on or include early learning. The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application. If you believe your data is misrepresented, please use our feedback form to report this. We'll contact you to discuss the corrections.

Indian Education - Demonstration Grants for Indian Children (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/indiandemo/index.html): This program is designed to improve the education opportunities and achievement of preschool, elementary, and secondary school Indian children by developing, testing, and demonstrating effective services and programs.

Indian Education Professional Development Grants (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/indianprofdev/index.html): The Indian Education Professional Development grant program is designed to prepare and train Indians to serve as teachers and school administrators. Professional development grants are awarded to: increase the number of qualified individuals in professions that serve American Indians; provide training to qualified American Indians to become teachers, administrators, teacher aides, social workers, and ancillary education personnel; and improve the skills of those qualified American Indians who already serve in these capacities.

Investing in Innovation (i3) (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/innovation/index.html): This program provides funding to expand the implementation of, and investment in, innovative and evidence-based practices, programs and strategies that significantly improve student achievement and close achievement gaps. Competitive preference has been given in the past to applicants whose projects propose to implement innovative practices, strategies, or programs designed to improve outcomes for young children with high needs from birth through 3rd grade by enhancing the quality of early learning programs. For the complete i3 dataset, go to Investing In Innovation 2011 Applications

Native Hawaiian Education (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/nathawaiian/index.html): The purpose of this program is to develop innovative education programs to assist native Hawaiians and to supplement and expand programs and authorities in the area of education.

Native American and Alaskan Children in Schools Program (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/naancs/index.html): This program provides grants to eligible entities that support language instruction education projects for limited English proficient (LEP) children from Native American, Alaska Native, native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander backgrounds. Funds may support the study of Native American languages.

Promise Neighborhoods (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/promiseneighborhoods/index.html): Promise Neighborhood grants are separated into two categories: planning and implementation. Planning grants are one-year awards to support eligible organizations that need to develop feasible plans to create a continuum of solutions with the potential to significantly improve the educational and developmental outcomes of children and youth in a neighborhood, while implementation grants are three- to five-year awards to support eligible organizations in carrying out their plans to create a continuum of solutions that will significantly improve the educational and developmental outcomes of children and youth in the target neighborhood. In the past, priority has been given to applicants who propose to expand, enhance, or modify an existing network of early learning programs and services to ensure that they are high-quality and comprehensive for children from birth through the third grade. For the complete Promise Neighborhoods dataset, go to Promise Neighborhoods 2011 Applications

Race to the Top – Early Learning Challenge (RTT-ELC) (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/racetothetop-earlylearningchallenge/index.html): RTT-ELC provides competitive grants to challenge States to establish model systems of early learning that promote high standards of quality and a focus on outcomes across all settings to ensure that more children enter kindergarten with the skills, knowledge, and dispositions toward learning they need to be successful.

Ready to Learn Television (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/rtltv/index.html):This program supports the development of educational television and digital media targeted at preschool and early elementary school children and their families. Its general goal is to promote early learning and school readiness, with a particular interest in reaching low-income children. For the complete Ready to Learn dataset, go to Ready to Learn 2010 Applicants

Special Education - Parent Information Centers (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/oseppic/index.html): The purpose of this program is to ensure that parents of children with disabilities receive training and information to help improve results for their children.

Special Education - Personnel Development to Improve Services and Results for Children with Disabilities
(http://www2.ed.gov/programs/osepprep/index.html): The purpose of this program is to (1) help address state-identified needs for highly qualified personnel in special education, related services, early intervention, and regular education to work with children with disabilities and (2) ensure that those personnel have the skills and knowledge, derived from practices that have been determined through research and experience to be successful, needed to serve these children.

Special Education - Technical Assistance and Dissemination to Improve Services and Results for Children with Disabilities
(http://www2.ed.gov/programs/oseptad/index.html): The purpose of this program is to promote academic achievement and improve results for children with disabilities by providing technical assistance, model demonstration projects, dissemination of useful information, and implementation activities that are supported by scientifically based research.

Special Education - Technology and Media Services (http://www2.ed.gov/programs/oseptms/index.html): The purpose of this program is to: (1) improve results for children with disabilities by promoting the development, demonstration, and use of technology; (2) support educational media services activities designed to be of value in the classroom setting to children with disabilities; and (3) provide support for captioning and video description that is appropriate for use in the classroom setting.

Striving Readers Competitive Literacy Program (SRCL): The purpose of the Striving Readers discretionary grants is to provide resources to states in order to create a comprehensive literacy program to advance literacy skills — including pre-literacy skills, reading, and writing — for students from birth through grade 12, including limited-English-proficient students and students with disabilities.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Commercial Griddles that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The Great Lakes Surface Environmental Analysis (GLSEA2) is a digital map of the Great Lakes surface water temperature and ice cover which is produced daily at the NOAA Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory (GLERL) in Ann Arbor, Michigan through the NOAA CoastWatch program. The GLSEA is stored as a 1024x1024 pixel map in PNG or ASCII format, suitable for viewing on PCs and workstations with readily available software. The lake surface temperatures are derived from NOAA polar-orbiting satellite imagery obtained through the Great Lakes CoastWatch program. The addition of ice cover information was implemented in early 1999, using data provided by the National Ice Center (NIC). Lake surface temperatures are updated daily with information from the cloud-free portions of the previous day's satellite imagery. If no imagery is available, a smoothing algorithm is applied to the previous day's map. Ice information will then be added, using the most recent Great Lakes Ice Analysis produced by NIC, currently daily during the ice season. GLERL is currently receiving a product suite of an average of 108 enhanced digital images including satellite-derived surface temperature (Fig. 1.1), visible and near-infrared reflectance, brightness temperatures, cloud masks, and satellite/solar zenith angle data from the NOAA/AVHRR (Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer).
Reclamation's survey of Franklin D. Roosevelt Reservoir (Lake Roosevelt) began in October 2010 and continued duringportions of June, July, and August of 2011. The primary purpose was to develop detailed digital reservoir topography. Theunderwater survey was conducted between water surface elevation 1,260 and spilling elevation 1,290 (project datum in feet).This study measured the project vertical datum around 2.5 feet lower than the North American Vertical Datum of 1988(NAVD88). The generated reservoir topography elevations were tied to NAVD88. The surface area and volume computationsfrom the topography were shifted -2.5 feet to match the Grand Coulee project's vertical datum. The underwater survey usedsonic depth recording equipment interfaced with real-time global positioning systems that provided continuous soundingpositions throughout the underwater portion of the reservoir covered by the survey vessels. The 2010-11 reservoir topographywas generated by importing digital coverages from 1974 aerial photogrammetry, 2007 bathymetry of the upper reservoir, and2009-10 Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) surveys combined with the 2010-11 bathymetric data. The 2010-11 bathymetricdata was the first detailed bottom information of the deeper portions of Lake Roosevelt, below elevation 1,160.As of August 2011, at reservoir water surface elevation 1,290.0, the surface area was 81,991 acres with a total capacity of9,715,346 acre-feet and an active capacity, between elevation 1,208.0 and 1,290.0, of 5,349,560 acre-feet.
NOAA's Environmental Response Management Application (ERMA) is a web-based Geographic Information System (GIS) tool that assists both emergency responders and environmental resource managers in dealing with incidents that may adversely impact the environment. ERMA integrates and synthesizes various real-time and static datasets into a single interactive map, thus provides fast visualization of the situation and improves communication and coordination among responders and environmental stakeholders.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
Ceiling Fans that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
This collection of documents includes Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) settlement agreements with counties, cities, towns and villages.
Solar Water Heaters that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Commercial Refrigerators and Freezers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
This data set shows the number of veterans and survivors who are receiving either disability compensation or pension benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs
The Bureau of Reclamation surveyed the underwater area of Salton Sea from November 1994 through February 1995 to compile field data for developing a topographic map and computing a storage-elevation relationship (area-capacity tables). The bathymetric survey used sonic depth recording equipment interfaced with a GPS (global positioning system) that gave continuous sounding positions throughout the Salton Sea. The underwater topography was developed by a computer graphics program using the collected data. The above-water topography was determined by digitizing contour lines from the United States Geological Survey quadrangle (USGS quad) sheets that cover the Salton Sea area. The new topographic map of the Salton Sea is a combination of the digitized contours and the underwater measured topography.
The USTP oversees approximately 1,100 private trustees who administer chapter 7 asset and no-asset cases. Chapter 7 trustees are responsible for the collection and liquidation of non-exempt assets, and the distribution of funds to creditors in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code's distribution scheme. When a chapter 7 case with assets is closed, the trustee files a final report that accounts for the disposition of assets, as well as the distribution of funds to creditors and to administrative expenses. The data from final reports filed in 2007 are summarized in this table of key variables. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
NOAA's Environmental Response Management Application (ERMA)  is a web-based Geographic Information System (GIS) tool that assists both emergency responders and environmental resource managers in dealing with incidents that may adversely impact the environment. ERMA integrates and synthesizes various real-time and static datasets into a single interactive map, thus provides fast visualization of the situation and improves communication and coordination among responders and environmental stakeholders.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH).  The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 2500 contains documentation of the following administrative components:  - 2510  Separation - 2520  Termination of Certain Foreign Service Appointments - 2530  Reduction-in-Force-Civil Service - 2540  Reduction-in-Force Procedures for the Senior Executive Service - 2550  Deaths in Service  - 2560  Military Furlough and Separation for Military Service - 2570  Furloughs - 2580  Reduction-in-Force-Foreign Service
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
The IMLGS Data Access Tool provides discovery, viewing, and download of data and information pertaining to seafloor and lakebed geological samples curated by partner institutions. The tool also enables export of information in tab-delimited or KML form. Contact information is provided to request samples from the institutions. Collection-level ISO metadata exists for the database. Web services and a Viewer are also available.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
Detailed listing of Freedom of Information Act requests made by members of the public to the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Staff.
Digital Elevation Model (DEM) Discovery Portal from NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center provide web service map-based and text search, discovery, descriptive, and download access to over 200 digital elevation models of U.S. coastal areas.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of January 2013.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) sponsored a study of the work schedules and sleep patterns of railroad employees. The purpose of the study was to understand work-schedule related fatigue that affects various categories of railroad employees by documenting a group's work/rest schedules and sleep patterns to ascertain their impact on the level of fatigue/alertness. Employees surveyed include: signalmen, maintenance of way (MOW) workers, dispatchers, and train & engine service workers (in both freight and passenger train service)
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VIRGINIA, as of June 2011.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
NOAA's Environmental Response Management Application (ERMA) is a web-based Geographic Information System (GIS) tool that assists both emergency responders and environmental resource managers in dealing with incidents that may adversely impact the environment. ERMA integrates and synthesizes various real-time and static datasets into a single interactive map, thus provides fast visualization of the situation and improves communication and coordination among responders and environmental stakeholders.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of October 2012.
Thank you for your interest in Early Learning! A robust body of research demonstrates that high-quality early learning programs and services can improve young children’s health, social-emotional, and cognitive outcomes; enhance school readiness across a range of domains; and help close the school readiness gap that exists between children with high needs and their peers at the time they enter kindergarten. To address the inequities that exist when children begin school, the Department has identified, as high priorities, strengthening the quality early learning programs from birth through third grade.

You can use the tools below to look at individual discretionary grant programs that focus on or include early learning. The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application. If you believe your data is misrepresented, please use our feedback form to report this. We'll contact you to discuss the corrections.

Indian Education - Demonstration Grants for Indian Children: This program is designed to improve the education opportunities and achievement of preschool, elementary, and secondary school Indian children by developing, testing, and demonstrating effective services and programs.

Indian Education Professional Development Grants: The Indian Education Professional Development grant program is designed to prepare and train Indians to serve as teachers and school administrators. Professional development grants are awarded to: increase the number of qualified individuals in professions that serve American Indians; provide training to qualified American Indians to become teachers, administrators, teacher aides, social workers, and ancillary education personnel; and improve the skills of those qualified American Indians who already serve in these capacities.

Investing in Innovation (i3): This program provides funding to expand the implementation of, and investment in, innovative and evidence-based practices, programs and strategies that significantly improve student achievement and close achievement gaps. Competitive preference has been given in the past to applicants whose projects propose to implement innovative practices, strategies, or programs designed to improve outcomes for young children with high needs from birth through 3rd grade by enhancing the quality of early learning programs. For the complete i3 dataset, go to Investing In Innovation 2011 Applications

Native Hawaiian Education: The purpose of this program is to develop innovative education programs to assist native Hawaiians and to supplement and expand programs and authorities in the area of education.

Native American and Alaskan Children in Schools Program: This program provides grants to eligible entities that support language instruction education projects for limited English proficient (LEP) children from Native American, Alaska Native, native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander backgrounds. Funds may support the study of Native American languages.

Promise Neighborhoods: Promise Neighborhood grants are separated into two categories: planning and implementation. Planning grants are one-year awards to support eligible organizations that need to develop feasible plans to create a continuum of solutions with the potential to significantly improve the educational and developmental outcomes of children and youth in a neighborhood, while implementation grants are three- to five-year awards to support eligible organizations in carrying out their plans to create a continuum of solutions that will significantly improve the educational and developmental outcomes of children and youth in the target neighborhood. In the past, priority has been given to applicants who propose to expand, enhance, or modify an existing network of early learning programs and services to ensure that they are high-quality and comprehensive for children from birth through the third grade. For the complete Promise Neighborhoods dataset, go to Promise Neighborhoods 2011 Applications

Race to the Top – Early Learning Challenge (RTT-ELC): RTT-ELC provides competitive grants to challenge States to establish model systems of early learning that promote high standards of quality and a focus on outcomes across all settings to ensure that more children enter kindergarten with the skills, knowledge, and dispositions toward learning they need to be successful.

Ready to Learn Television: This program supports the development of educational television and digital media targeted at preschool and early elementary school children and their families. Its general goal is to promote early learning and school readiness, with a particular interest in reaching low-income children. For the complete Ready to Learn dataset, go to Ready to Learn 2010 Applicants

Special Education - Parent Information Centers: The purpose of this program is to ensure that parents of children with disabilities receive training and information to help improve results for their children.

Special Education - Personnel Development to Improve Services and Results for Children with Disabilities: The purpose of this program is to (1) help address state-identified needs for highly qualified personnel in special education, related services, early intervention, and regular education to work with children with disabilities and (2) ensure that those personnel have the skills and knowledge, derived from practices that have been determined through research and experience to be successful, needed to serve these children.

Special Education - Technical Assistance and Dissemination to Improve Services and Results for Children with Disabilities: The purpose of this program is to promote academic achievement and improve results for children with disabilities by providing technical assistance, model demonstration projects, dissemination of useful information, and implementation activities that are supported by scientifically based research.

Special Education - Technology and Media Services: The purpose of this program is to: (1) improve results for children with disabilities by promoting the development, demonstration, and use of technology; (2) support educational media services activities designed to be of value in the classroom setting to children with disabilities; and (3) provide support for captioning and video description that is appropriate for use in the classroom setting.

Striving Readers Competitive Literacy Program (SRCL): The purpose of the Striving Readers discretionary grants is to provide resources to states in order to create a comprehensive literacy program to advance literacy skills — including pre-literacy skills, reading, and writing — for students from birth through grade 12, including limited-English-proficient students and students with disabilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2009
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Commercial Ice Machines that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient and use less water than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) sponsored a study of the work schedules and sleep patterns of railroad employees. The purpose of the study was to understand work-schedule related fatigue that affects various categories of railroad employees by documenting a group's work/rest schedules and sleep patterns to ascertain their impact on the level of fatigue/alertness. Employees surveyed include: signalmen, maintenance of way (MOW) workers, dispatchers, and train & engine service workers (in both freight and passenger train service)
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 2100 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 2110  Drug Free Workplace Program - 2130  Reemployment - 2140  Criminal Investigations Training Program - 2150  Personnel Review Panel
Use the Environmental Dataset Gateway (EDG) to find and access EPA's environmental resources.    Many options are available for easily reusing EDG content in other other applications. This allows individuals to provide direct access to EPA's metadata outside the EDG interface.  The EDG CS-W Interface allows each users to query the catalog through a URL using CS-W syntax.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of June 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 2 FAM 1500  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 1510 The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) - 1540 Conference of National Organizations on foreign Policy Problems -1550 Use of Consultants
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2008.
Access data on persons admitted as refugees or granted asylum by several characteristics.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) sponsored a study of the work schedules and sleep patterns of railroad employees. The purpose of the study was to understand work-schedule related fatigue that affects various categories of railroad employees by documenting a group's work/rest schedules and sleep patterns to ascertain their impact on the level of fatigue/alertness. Employees surveyed include: signalmen, maintenance of way (MOW) workers, dispatchers, and train & engine service workers (in both freight and passenger train service)
Ventilating Fans that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.

Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Annual Survey of Public-Employee Retirement Systems (State- and Locally-Administered Pensions) provides revenues, expenditures, financial assets, and membership information for defined-benefit public employee retirement systems. Data are shown for individual retirement systems as well as at the national, state, and local level by state.
The primary function of the Livestock and Grain Market News Division of the Livestock and Seed Program (LSP) is to compile and disseminate information that will aid producers, consumers, and distributors in the sale and purchase of livestock, meat, grain, and their related products nationally and internationally.
The Marine Casualty and Pollution Data files provide details about marine casualty and pollution incidents investigated by Coast Guard Offices throughout the United States. The database can be used to analyze marine accidents and pollution incidents by a variety of factors including vessel or facility type, injuries, fatalities, pollutant details, location, and date. The data collection period began in 1982 for marine casualties and 1973 for polluting incidents, and is ongoing. Documentation includes entity and attribute descriptions along with suggested solutions to general marine pollution, vessel casualty, and personnel injury and death questions.
A signal activation failure occurs at a grade crossing when warning signals are not activated by an approaching consist. False proceeds occur when a signal improperly gives a consist an order to proceed.
National averages of common dialysis quality measures.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs.  2 FAM 200  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 210 Introduction - 220 Immunities of U.S. Representative and Establishments of Abroad - 230 Immunities and Liabilities of Foreign Representatives in the United States - 240 Customs Privileges  Accorded U.S. Representatives Abroad - 250 Customs Privileges  Accorded U.S. Foreign Representatives in the United States - 260 Tax Exemptions Accorded U.S. Representatives Abroad - 270 Tax Exemptions Accorded U.S. Foreign Representatives in the United States - 280 Claims Against the United States
The National Weather Service (NWS) Telecommunications Gateway provides current and recent Short-term Terminal Aerodrome Forecasts (12 hrs. or less) from around the world that are available from the NWS Internet Weather Source home page or via ftp://tgftp.nws.noaa.gov/data/forecasts/shorttaf.  Short-term TAFs are available as individual forecasts or in cycle files. The information available here is represented in a meteorological code .
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2007.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2009. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
New Vending Machines that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Monthly data on  deliveries of fossil fuels to electric generating facilities.
The reports listed below are designed to provide information focused on hazardous materials and carriers and the hazardous materials safety permit program. All reports provide options to choose fiscal or calendar year, and carrier domicile including United States, Canada, and Mexico.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of June 2011.
Guatemama FTA Tariff Schedule
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Information on donor contributions through the 2011 Combined Federal Campaign by local campaign. Data includes information on the number of donors, campaign costs, payroll deduction contributions, and recipient organizations.
Data search provides access to over 8,000 paleoclimate data sets. The data sets consists of single sites and aggregations of sites , the geographic scope is global, and the time span extends back over 60 million years. Most of the data are from the recent past (last 2,000 years, and last 20,000 years). The data are derived from paleo proxies including tree rings, ice cores, speleothems, ocean and lake sediments, plant macrofossils, Loess (wind borne deposits), and also includes model simulations and climate forcing data. Both raw measurements and reconstructions are provided, and the reconstructions include standard meteorological variables such as temperature and precipitation.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.

Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Access data on persons who became American citizens in fiscal year 2010 by country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
Since President Obama took office, Congress has appropriated more than $4 billion to help turn around the nation's lowest-performing schools. States were awarded nearly $3.5 billion in School Improvement Grant funds in 2010 to turn around their persistently lowest achieving schools. School districts then applied to state for the funds this spring. When school districts applied, they were required to indicate that they would implement one of the following four models in their persistently lowest achieving schools:

Turnaround Model: Replace the principal, screen existing school staff, and rehire no more than half the teachers; adopt a new governance structure; and improve the school through curriculum reform, professional development, extending learning time, and other strategies.

Restart Model: Convert a school or close it and re-open it as a charter school or under an education management organization.

School Closure: Close the school and send the students to higher-achieving schools in the district.

Transformation Model: Replace the principal and improve the school through comprehensive curriculum reform, professional development, extending learning time, and other strategies.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
Provides the amount of Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) coverage by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the amount of VGLI coverage as of April 30, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, coverage is not identified by individual country.  The total amount of coverage was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Detailed listing of Freedom of Information Act requests made by members of the public to the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Staff.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
This table contains the total number of new leases, by state, issued by the BLM during each fiscal year. Leases issued over the course of a fiscal year may or may not be leases sold during that same year. For example, a lease might have been sold but not issued pending protest resolution. Following successful resolution, that lease would have been issued, but this process may not have concluded in the same fiscal year. This figure includes parcels sold at a competitive lease sale, as well as leases issued non-competitively.
Residential Freezers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2006.
The Space Physics Interactive Data Resource from NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center allows solar terrestrial physics customers to intelligently access and manage historical space physics data for integration with environment models and space weather forecasts.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs.  2 FAM 900  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 910  Economic Affairs - 920 Commemorative U.S. Postage Stamps on Subjects Related to Foreign Affairs - 930 The Board of the Foreign Service - 950 Payment and Rewards for Information Relating to International Narcotics Trafficking - 960  Solicitation / Acceptance of Gifts by the Department of State

Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 8-31-11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 2 FAM 1900 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 1910 Guidelines for Appointments - 1920 Briefing, Debriefing, and Arranging Consultation for Newly Appointed or Returning Ambassadors and Ministers
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs.  2 FAM 400  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 410 General Procedures - 420 Opening a Post - 430 Closing a Post - 440 Changing Post Status - 450 Changes in Consular Districts - 460 Consular Districts and Department of State Jurisdictions
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs.  2 FAM 800  contains documentation of the following administrative component:  - 810 Policy, Objective, Scope, and Applicability
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs.  2 FAM 700  contains documentation of the following administrative component: - 710 Ethics Program
Thank you for your interest in the Promise Neighborhoods Program! You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications, and you can also find specific applications that you would like to explore in more detail. The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application.
The Annual Survey of Public-Employee Retirement Systems (State- and Locally-Administered Pensions) provides revenues, expenditures, financial assets, and membership information for defined-benefit public employee retirement systems. Data are shown for individual retirement systems as well as at the national, state, and local level by state.
Uninterruptible Power Supplies that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
Number of life insurance policyholders for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 12/31/11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TEXAS, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of October 2012.

SAMHSA card sort results (general public) dataset including card labels and category assignment.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 2 FAM 100  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 110 Post Organization -120 Uniformity Among the Agencies - 130 The U.S. Government's Overseas Presence - 150 Seals, Coats of Arms, and Flags - 160 Transfer of Office - 170 Post Reports  - 180 Acts of Violence - 190-Designation of Emergency Addressees
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2004
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW MEXICO, as of October 2012.
The objective of the FMCSA's Program Effectiveness research is to measure the effectiveness of the FMCSA Safety Programs. The Compliance Review Effectiveness Model and the Intervention Model provide estimates of the beneficial impact of these programs on reducing crashes resulting in lives saved and injuries avoided. The Resource Allocation model utilizes the results of these two models to analyze the allocation of state resources.
This table contains the total number of producible well bores by state as of the end of each fiscal year.  A well bore is considered producible if the well bore is capable of production.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2010. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration has the primary responsibility for the issuance of DOT Special Permits and Approvals to the Hazardous Materials Regulations (HMR). A Special Permit or Approval is a document which authorizes a person to perform a function that is not currently authorized under the authority of the HMR. Also, in many instances, the Regulations require approvals and/or registrations prior to transportation in commerce. The Special Permits Search tool allows a user to search for active Special permits.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 2 FAM 1400  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 1420 International Organizations Immunities - 1430 Official Visits and Entertainment
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Provides a history of the evaluation by CIO ratings and comments.
Detailed listing of Freedom of Information Act requests made by members of the public to the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Staff.
Thank you for your interest in the Investing in Innovation (i3) Program! You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications, and you can also find specific applications that you would like to explore in more detail. The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application.
Thank you for your interest in the Promise Neighborhoods Program! You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications, and you can also find specific applications that you would like to explore in more detail. The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application.
Oil Furnaces that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Access data on immigrants who became legal permanent residents in fiscal year 2010 by class of admission, country of birth, state of residence, and other characteristics
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of June 2011.
Number of life insurance policies for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 02/29/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2011. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
Fish are a lean, low-calorie source of protein. However, some fish may contain chemicals that could pose health risks. When contaminant levels are unsafe, consumption advisories may recommend that people limit or avoid eating certain species of fish caught in certain places.Every year since 1993, the EPA has made available to the public a compendium of information on locally issued fish advisories and safe eating guidelines. This information is provided to EPA by states, U.S. territories, Indian tribes, and local governments who issue fish consumption advisories and safe eating guidelines to inform people about the recommended level of consumption for fish caught in local waters.Welcome to the EPA's Fish Consumption Advisory website. This website is divided into two main areas: a General Advisory Information area and a Technical Advisory Information area.
Coal Production Data Files contain information which identify the mining operation (i.e., operation name, mailing address, telephone number, State and county of operation, etc.), annual coal production, and code definitions.
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2008
This table contains the total number of acres, by state, contained in new leases issued by the BLM during each fiscal year
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
This file contains applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2009.
The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) sponsored a study of the work schedules and sleep patterns of railroad employees. The purpose of the study was to understand work-schedule related fatigue that affects various categories of railroad employees by documenting a group's work/rest schedules and sleep patterns to ascertain their impact on the level of fatigue/alertness. Employees surveyed include: signalmen, maintenance of way (MOW) workers, dispatchers, and train & engine service workers (in both freight and passenger train service)
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2006
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TEXAS, as of June 2011.
Provides a listing of the unique agency names and the number of datasets that contain the name from the geospatial metadata catalog on geo.data.gov. The list was filtered by datasets that had been updated between 1/1/10 and 3/1/11.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The WATERS Web and Database services provide open interfaces to complex analyses. These services make extensive use of the NHD and referenced program data in the RAD, and also integrate other WATERS program data. Designed as loosely coupled modular units, the services are developed in a common architecture. The Navigation Delineation service is a service that builds upon the Navigation Service to provide an areal representation of the navigation process by linking navigated flowlines to associated areal geographies.  In most cases the primary areal feature associated with NHD flowlines are the NHDPlus catchments.  However the service is designed to be expanded in future versions to return results for other associated areal coverages such as Watershed Boundary Dataset (WBD) or Tiger Political layers.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TENNESSEE, as of January 2013.
The reports listed below are designed to provide information focused on passenger vehicles and carriers. All reports provide options to choose fiscal or calendar year, and carrier domicile including United States, Canada, and Mexico.
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2003
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2007
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2005
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2005 estimates of health insurance coverage by age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level and by age, sex, and income categories at the county level.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
Thin Clients that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts.  All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Small Scale Servers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
List of United States Warehouse Act warehouse licenses revoked, by commodity and state for calendar year 2002
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). Changes to the Department's organizational structure or the way it conducts U.S. Government business will usually trigger the need to update the FAM or FAHs. 2 FAM 000  contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 010 Areas of Responsibility for the Conduct of Foreign Relations - 020 Management Controls - 060 Foreign Disaster Emergency Relief - 070 Dissent Channel
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
This file contains companies and individuals (participants) on applications that were approved or denied/declined during fiscal year 2007. The participant roles on the related deals that are included in this dataset are: Applicant, Borrower, Buyer, Exporter, Guaranteed Lender, Guarantor, Insured, PSOR (Primary Source of Repayment), and Supplier.  Participants can be linked to deals in the deal level data set for the same fiscal year by the value in the Unique Identifier column. Note that there will typically be more than one participant associated with each deal.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Energy use is a part of everyone's daily routine. However, the generation and use of energy can affect the environment. Our regulatory and voluntary programs foster more responsible production and use of energy resources. This Web site enables you to review EPA press releases about energy-related topics.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
Thank you for your interest in the Promise Neighborhoods Program! You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications, and you can also find specific applications that you would like to explore in more detail. The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of June 2011.
This spreadsheet contains a list of multiemployer plans receiving financial assistance payments from the PBGC from the period Financial Assistance Payments to Multiemployer Plans for FY 2005 through the most recent quarterly data available.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
These files contain the publicly available data from the GHG Reporting Program for 2010. This data includes non-confidential data reported by facilities that directly emit GHGs. The files also contain non-confidential information reported by suppliers of fossil fuels and industrial gases.  The files include data in both HTML (human readable) and XML format.   For more information on the GHG Reporting Program and this data, please visit http://epa.gov/ghgreporting
The NOAA ESRL GMD Carbon Cycle Interactive Atmospheric Data Visualization (IADV) Web site provides graphs of GMD data, including our most up-to-date measurements, to the scientific community, as well as the general public, educators, students, the press, business and government policymakers.
This table contains the total number of producible and service completions, by state, during each fiscal year.  Separate service completions are for the benefit of oil and gas operations, such as water disposal, salt water disposal, water injection, gas injection, water source, steam injection, or monitoring.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 mandated a comprehensive revision to the operation of the Department of State and the personnel assigned to the US Foreign Service. As the statutory authority, the Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), details the Department of State's regulations and policies on its structure and operations. Currently, there are over 25,000 pages of policies and procedures published in 16 volumes of the FAM and 38 corresponding sections of the Foreign Affairs Handbook (FAH). The FAM and FAH are revised accordingly as changes in the organization occur.  3 FAM 2700 contains documentation of the following administrative components: - 2750 Executive Development Program - 2760 Career Senior Executive Service (SES) Sabbatical Program - 2790 Functional Specialization Program
Energy use is a part of everyone's daily routine. However, the generation and use of energy can affect the environment. Our regulatory and voluntary programs foster more responsible production and use of energy resources. Each EPA Regional Office is responsible for the execution of the Agency's programs within its states. This website's map and listing of Regional Offices provides access to your region's energy related EPA programs and websites.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.

This table contains the total number of acres by state covered by producing leases as of the last day of the fiscal year.
Nicaraqua FTA Tariff Schedule
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Since President Obama took office, Congress has appropriated more than $4 billion to help turn around the nation's lowest-performing schools. States were awarded nearly $3.5 billion in School Improvement Grant funds in 2010 to turn around their persistently lowest achieving schools. School districts then applied to state for the funds this spring. When school districts applied, they were required to indicate that they would implement one of the following four models in their persistently lowest achieving schools:

Turnaround Model: Replace the principal, screen existing school staff, and rehire no more than half the teachers; adopt a new governance structure; and improve the school through curriculum reform, professional development, extending learning time, and other strategies.

Restart Model: Convert a school or close it and re-open it as a charter school or under an education management organization.

School Closure: Close the school and send the students to higher-achieving schools in the district.

Transformation Model: Replace the principal and improve the school through comprehensive curriculum reform, professional development, extending learning time, and other strategies.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VIRGINIA, as of January 2013.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of April 2012.
This product includes 10 km, remapped, GOES-West images in visible and ir bands (shortwave ir, water vapor, and longwave ir) and loops in Flash and Java.  The IR images are available in the following enhancements: AVN, Dvorak, JSL, RGB, Funktop, and Rainbow. This product is generated every 30 minutes.  Also inlcuded in this dataset is Polar imagery.  The DMSP SSM/IS and AMSU Micorwave imagery are available in 85 GHz radiance, precipitable water, and rain rate.  In addition to these variables,  DMSP imagery includes surface winds.   The Polar imagery is produced every 3 hours.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Ceiling Fans with Light Kits that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The SSM/I products are useful for evaluating the mean climate state, it's interannual and seasonal variations, and the detection of anomalies associated with ENSO and regional climatic variations. The Hydrology Team has assembled a time series of the entire SSM/I archive, now entering it's 16th year, which includes data from July 1987 to the present. Monthly average products are produced for precipitation, cloud liquid water, total precipitable water, snow cover, sea-ice cover, and oceanic surface wind speed.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration has the primary responsibility for the issuance of DOT Special Permits and Approvals to the Hazardous Materials Regulations (HMR). A Special Permit or Approval is a document which authorizes a person to perform a function that is not currently authorized under the authority of the HMR. Also, in many instances, the Regulations require approvals and/or registrations prior to transportation in commerce. Approvals Data Search tool allows a user to search for Approvals.
Thank you for your interest in the Investing in Innovation (i3) Program!

You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications, and you can also find specific applications that you would like to explore in more detail.

The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TENNESSEE, as of June 2011.
A data file is provided on this page for the current registration year and each of the previous years. Each file contains information supplied by the registered company in the application that includes the specified year, including the company name and address, contact information, business classifications, associated identification numbers, and an indication of the activities requiring registration in which the company engages. Because amendments to existing registrations and new registrations for any year are possible, these files are updated regularly
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in UTAH, as of January 2013.
Anonymous SAMHSA card sort participant data (behavioral health workforce) including time, duration, % cards sorted.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Monthly data on  deliveries of fossil fuels to electric generating facilities.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WYOMING, as of October 2012.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2009. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Thank you for your interest in the Ready to Learn Television program!

Ready to Learn Television supports the development of educational television and digital media targeted at preschool and early elementary school children and their families. Its general goal is to promote early learning and school readiness, with a particular interest in reaching low-income children. In addition to creating television and other media products, the program supports activities intended to promote national distribution of the programming, effective educational uses of the programming, community-based outreach, and research on educational effectiveness.

You can use the tools below to look at general information about the grant applications that were submitted in June 2010. There were a total of 38 eligible applications, of which three were selected for funding. In this 2010 competition, applicants were invited to submit proposals for the development of innovative transmedia programming – that is, the use of television and other media such as the internet, mobile devices, and print in interconnected ways.

In the 2010 grant competition, there was a two-tier review process in which the applications that scored the highest against the program’s general review criteria were advanced to a second tier in which their responses to the competitive preference priority on research were scored. In the data summaries below, applicants that advanced to tier two are denoted as “highly rated applicants,” and those that received awards are listed as "grantees".

The data presented here is sourced from the applications submitted to the program. The data may not be a full representation of the information provided in the formal application.

Inclusion of an application in this summary information is not an endorsement of an organization, idea, program, or product, and the Department does not validate or guarantee the accuracy of this information. The data are provided in this summary solely for the convenience of the public.

For more information about the Ready to Learn program, go to http://www2.ed.gov/programs/rtltv/index.html.
Contains data on civil penalties (fines) assessed by FMCSA against motor carriers, brokers and other entities.
Use the Environmental Dataset Gateway (EDG) to find and access EPA's environmental resources.    Many options are available for easily reusing EDG content in other other applications. This allows individuals to provide direct access to EPA's metadata outside the EDG interface.  The EDG Search Widget allows users to embed a simple search tool into a web page.
The dataset represents the Networx Universal and Enterprise business volume by contractor, agency, contract vehicle and month for the centralized billing account. This represents the business volume of each government agency that has ordered telecommunications services from the Networx contract.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEBRASKA, as of October 2011.
Contains data on civil penalties (fines) assessed by FMCSA against motor carriers, brokers and other entities.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Rebuilt Vending Machines that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The program is designed to raise student achievement by improving teachers' knowledge and understanding of and appreciation for traditional U.S. history. Grant awards will assist LEAs, in partnership with entities that have content expertise, to develop, document, evaluate, and disseminate innovative and cohesive models of professional development. By helping teachers to develop a deeper understanding and appreciation of U.S. history as a separate subject matter within the core curriculum, these programs will improve instruction and raise student achievement.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of June 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of October 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WYOMING, as of June 2011.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
List of software tools, used to analyze climate and paleoclimate data. Some tools are distributed by NOAA, and in other cases links to software on other file servers are provided.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of June 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The program is designed to raise student achievement by improving teachers' knowledge and understanding of and appreciation for traditional U.S. history. Grant awards will assist LEAs, in partnership with entities that have content expertise, to develop, document, evaluate, and disseminate innovative and cohesive models of professional development. By helping teachers to develop a deeper understanding and appreciation of U.S. history as a separate subject matter within the core curriculum, these programs will improve instruction and raise student achievement.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW YORK, as of June 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARIZONA, as of June 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Anonymous SAMHSA card sort participant data (SAMHSA staff and support staff) including time, duration, % cards sorted.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VIRGINIA, as of October 2011.
Light Commercial Heating and Cooling Products that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
Whole Home Gas Tankless Water Heaters that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2009 estimates of health insurance coverage by age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level and by age, sex, and income categories at the county level.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in PENNSYLVANIA, as of June 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Coastal storms and other meteorological phenomenon can have a significant impact on how high water levels rise and how often. The inundation analysis program is extremely beneficial in determining the frequency (or the occurrence of high waters for different elevations above a specified threshold) and duration (or the amount of time that the specified location is inundated by water) of observed high waters (tides). Statistical output from these analyses can be useful in planning marsh restoration activities. Additionally, the analyses have broader applications for the coastal engineering and mapping community, such as, ecosystem management and regional climate change. Since these statistical outputs are station specific, use for evaluating surrounding areas may be limited. Products The data input for this tool is 6-minute water level data time series and the tabulated times and heights of the high tides over a user specified time period, relative to a desired tidal datum or user-specified datum. The data output of this tool provides summary statistics, which includes the number of occurrences of inundation above the threshold (events) and length of duration of inundation of each events above the threshold elevation for a specified time period. In addition to summary statistics, graphical outputs are provided using three plots. The first plot is a histogram of frequency of occurrence relative to the threshold elevation, the second plot is a histogram of the frequency of duration of inundation, and the third plot is an X-Y plot of frequency of elevation versus duration of inundation for each event. Input data time series are presently limited to the verified data from a set of operating and historical tide stations in the NOAA CO-OPS data base.
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2011. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Contains data on civil penalties (fines) assessed by FMCSA against motor carriers, brokers and other entities.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of October 2011.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts. All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON DC, as of April 2012.
Residential Clothes Washers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient and use less water than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of June 2011.
Thank you for your interest in the Investing in Innovation (i3) Program! You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications, and you can also find specific applications that you would like to explore in more detail. The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of June 2011.
The Navigation service is a subset component of the Upstream/Downstream service designed to provide standard stream network traversal.  The traversal request may include a description of where, on the stream network, to begin the traversal, and a description of where or how to end the traversal.  All Upstream/Downstream executions require a navigation type and at least one start point.  All other input parameters are optional.
Dehumidifiers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in PENNSYLVANIA, as of April 2012.
Number of life insurance policies for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 10/31/11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Residential Refrigerators that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Thank you for your interest in the Promise Neighborhoods Program! You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications, and you can also find specific applications that you would like to explore in more detail. The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, D.C., as of June 2011.
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 12-31-11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of October 31, 2011.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
FACA Data collected and verified for FY 2010. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Interactive Data and Mapping Tool provides users a way to access all post-2005 SAHIE data; in multiple formats; in a sleek, organized, and innovative way.   Currently, data can be downloaded as a Pdf, CSV or screenshot.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of June 2011.
The WATERS Web and Database services provide open interfaces to complex analyses. These services make extensive use of the NHD and referenced program data in the RAD, and also integrate other WATERS program data. Designed as loosely coupled modular units, the services are developed in a common architecture. The Point Indexing service is a subset component of the Event Indexing Service providing a simplified point indexing function for linking a point to the National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) via either a straightforward shortest distance snap or via raindrop indexing utilizing the NHDPlus flow direction grid. The service returns the point, information about the indexing action and NHD flowline information describing the nearest NHD hydrography.
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts.  All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
The WATERS Web and Database services provide open interfaces to complex analyses. These services make extensive use of the NHD and referenced program data in the RAD, and also integrate other WATERS program data. Designed as loosely coupled modular units, the services are developed in a common architecture. Advanced query function to find U.S. Geological Survey GNIS (Geographic Names Information System) water feature names and provide general location information for National Hydrography Dataset features.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON DC, as of October 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARKANSAS, as of October 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of October 2012.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
Anonymous SAMHSA card sort participant data (general public) including time, duration, % cards sorted.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH CAROLINA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW YORK, as of October 2011.
Thank you for your interest in the Ready to Learn Television program!

Ready to Learn Television supports the development of educational television and digital media targeted at preschool and early elementary school children and their families. Its general goal is to promote early learning and school readiness, with a particular interest in reaching low-income children. In addition to creating television and other media products, the program supports activities intended to promote national distribution of the programming, effective educational uses of the programming, community-based outreach, and research on educational effectiveness.

You can use the tools below to look at general information about the grant applications that were submitted in June 2010. There were a total of 38 eligible applications, of which three were selected for funding. In this 2010 competition, applicants were invited to submit proposals for the development of innovative transmedia programming – that is, the use of television and other media such as the internet, mobile devices, and print in interconnected ways.

In the 2010 grant competition, there was a two-tier review process in which the applications that scored the highest against the program’s general review criteria were advanced to a second tier in which their responses to the competitive preference priority on research were scored. In the data summaries below, applicants that advanced to tier two are denoted as “highly rated applicants,” and those that received awards are listed as "grantees".

The data presented here is sourced from the applications submitted to the program. The data may not be a full representation of the information provided in the formal application.

Inclusion of an application in this summary information is not an endorsement of an organization, idea, program, or product, and the Department does not validate or guarantee the accuracy of this information. The data are provided in this summary solely for the convenience of the public.

For more information about the Ready to Learn program, go to http://www2.ed.gov/programs/rtltv/index.html.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
The WATERS Web and Database services provide open interfaces to complex analyses. These services make extensive use of the NHD and referenced program data in the RAD, and also integrate other WATERS program data. Designed as loosely coupled modular units, the services are developed in a common architecture. The Results Queue Service functions to allow other WATERS (Watershed Assessment, Tracking & Environmental ResultS) services to process results asynchronously. At the center of the service is queue which receives and retains for a limited time the direct results of other WATERS services.  Then using a simple identification code, the user may subsequently query the Results Queue Service to either determine if processing is complete or fetch completed results.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of December 31, 2011.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of June 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FOREIGN ADDRESSES, as of June 2011.
As the official handbook of the Federal Government, the United States Government Manual provides comprehensive information on the agencies of the legislative, judicial, and executive branches. It also includes information on quasi-official agencies; international organizations in which the United States participates; and boards, commissions, and committees. The Manual begins with reprints of the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution. A typical agency description includes a list of officials heading major operating units, a summary statement of the agency's purpose and role in the Federal Government, a brief history of the agency, including its legislative or executive authority, and a description of its programs and activities, and information, addresses, and phone numbers to help users locate detailed information on consumer activities, contracts and grants, employment, publications, and other matters of public interest.
Contains data on civil penalties (fines) assessed by FMCSA against motor carriers, brokers and other entities.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of January 2013.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
Data reported to the NTD by urbanized area transit systems in their annual reports. Includes contact information, contractual relationships, subrecipient information, service area, sources of funds, operating expenditures by object class and function, capital expenditures by object class and function, fixed guideway information, revenue vehicle inventory, fuel consumption, employees, and labor hours, and urbanized area allocation information. Also includes service supplied and consumed by annual total, average weekday, average saturday, and average sunday.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The WATERS Web and Database services provide open interfaces to complex analyses. These services make extensive use of the NHD and referenced program data in the RAD, and also integrate other WATERS program data. Designed as loosely coupled modular units, the services are developed in a common architecture. The Spatial Assignment Service is a support service allowing users to associate spatial information with reference layers stored in WATERS (Watershed Assessment, Tracking & Environmental ResultS). The intention of the service is not to report or analyze all interactions with the reference layer but rather to assign a single result.  Provided parameters allow several means to resolve multiple matches including hinting via parameters, spatial analysis, distance analysis or simple arbitrary choice.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEBRASKA, as of June 2011.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KENTUCKY, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MICHIGAN, as of June 2011.
Monthly data on  deliveries of fossil fuels to electric generating facilities.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARKANSAS, as of June 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Notebooks that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The RAD (Reach Address Database) Event Information Service is intended to allow dynamic yet efficient query access to RAD events and associated information. While the RAD utilizes a single common data structure, differing programs provide differing usage models of RAD data.  The RAD information service leverages these usage models to combine an efficient query with a simple output data object. The creation of data usage models is an ongoing process.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of June 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of June 2011.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of June 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2011.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of June 2011.
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 10-31-11.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH CAROLINA, as of June 2011.
Civil Penalty Action Reports (summary tables in PDF format)
Gas Furnaces that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
SAMHSA card sort results (SAMHSA staff and support staff) dataset including card labels and category assignment.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KENTUCKY, as of October 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW MEXICO, as of June 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IDAHO, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of June 2011.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Thank you for your interest in the Promise Neighborhoods Program!

You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications.

The data is sourced from applications submitted for the program. Inclusion of an application in the data that follows does not ensure that the application will be considered eligible for an award, or that the application will be funded by the Department of Education.

The Absolute Priority assignments do not conclusively indicate that the applicants are eligible to apply under those absolute priorities according to the Department's criteria.

Inclusion of an application in this summary information is not an endorsement of an organization, idea, program, or product, and the Department does not validate or guarantee the accuracy of this information. The data are provided in this summary solely for the convenience of the public.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
This table contains the total number of producing leases by state as of the last day of the fiscal year.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in DELAWARE, as of June 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of April 2012.
This table contains the total number of acres, by state, contained in leases considered "in effect" by the BLM at the end of each fiscal year.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VERMONT, as of January 2013.
Thank you for your interest in the Promise Neighborhoods Program!

You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications.

The data is sourced from applications submitted for the program. Inclusion of an application in the data that follows does not ensure that the application will be considered eligible for an award, or that the application will be funded by the Department of Education.

The Absolute Priority assignments do not conclusively indicate that the applicants are eligible to apply under those absolute priorities according to the Department's criteria.

Inclusion of an application in this summary information is not an endorsement of an organization, idea, program, or product, and the Department does not validate or guarantee the accuracy of this information. The data are provided in this summary solely for the convenience of the public.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VERMONT, as of June 2011.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSISSIPPI, as of June 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of October 2011.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of June 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The WATERS Web and Database services provide open interfaces to complex analyses. These services make extensive use of the NHD and referenced program data in the RAD, and also integrate other WATERS program data. Designed as loosely coupled modular units, the services are developed in a common architecture.  The WATERS (Watershed Assessment, Tracking & Environmental ResultS) indexing engine allows applications to programmatically index features to the medium resolution National Hydrography Dataset and to create RAD (Reach Address Database)-ready event records.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW YORK, as of October 2012.
The program is designed to raise student achievement by improving teachers' knowledge and understanding of and appreciation for traditional U.S. history. Grant awards will assist LEAs, in partnership with entities that have content expertise, to develop, document, evaluate, and disseminate innovative and cohesive models of professional development. By helping teachers to develop a deeper understanding and appreciation of U.S. history as a separate subject matter within the core curriculum, these programs will improve instruction and raise student achievement.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  The 2010 Initial TRI dataset includes approximately 96 percent of the data expected to be reported in the 2010 TRI National Analysis.  Most paper submissions, late submissions and electronic submission with problems are not included in this data release.   See http://www.epa.gov/tri/tridata/preliminarydataset/final_2010_initial_dataset_QandAs.pdf for limitations and other information regarding the use of this data.
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 02/29/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in DELAWARE, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW YORK, as of April 2012.
The general mission of the Halocarbons and other Atmospheric Trace Species group is to quantify the distributions and magnitudes of sources and sinks for atmospheric nitrous oxide (N2O) and halogen containing compounds. HATS utilizes numerous types of platforms, including ground-based stations, towers, ocean vessels, aircraft, and balloons, to accomplish its mission. For a detailed mission statement, consult our FAQ.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IDAHO, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of June 2011.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in UTAH, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WYOMING, as of April 2012.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON DC, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KENTUCKY, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of June 2011.
The dataset represents the Networx Universal and Enterprise business volume by contractor, agency, contract vehicle and month for the centralized billing account. This represents the business volume of each government agency that has ordered telecommunications services from the Networx contract.
Contains data on civil penalties (fines) assessed by FMCSA against motor carriers, brokers and other entities.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Monthly data on  deliveries of fossil fuels to electric generating facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of October 2011.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of June 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of October 2011.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in PENNSYLVANIA, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of October 2011.
The Bureau of Reclamation (Reclamation) surveyed Glendo Reservoir in May and July of 2003 and January 2005 to develop a new topographic map and compute a present storage-elevation relationship (area-capacity tables). The 2003 underwater survey,conducted between lake elevation 4626 (feet) and 4629 (project datum), used sonic depth recording equipment interfaced with a global positioning system (GPS) that gave continuous sounding positions throughout the underwater portions of the reservoir covered by the survey vessel. In January 2005, a GPS land survey was conducted on a small portion of the upper reach of the reservoir. The above-water topography was determined by digitizing reservoir contours from the U.S. Geological Survey quadrangle (USGS quad) maps. The new topographic map of Glendo Reservoir was developed from the digitized USGS quad contours (adjusted in the upper reach using the January 2005 data) and the 2003 underwater data. Due to the lack of complete above water data, this study assumed no change since the 1972 reservoir resurvey from elevation 4640 and above.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of October 2011.
A data file is provided on this page for the current registration year and each of the previous years. Each file contains information supplied by the registered company in the application that includes the specified year, including the company name and address, contact information, business classifications, associated identification numbers, and an indication of the activities requiring registration in which the company engages. Because amendments to existing registrations and new registrations for any year are possible, these files are updated regularly
The GSA Federal Acquisition Service Instructional Letters (ILs) - guidance issued to internal FAS acquisition personnel that generally requires action as a result of a regulatory or programmatic change, e.g. inserting a new clause into solicitations and contracts.  All ILs are current only as of the date posted and are subject to amendment, update, and supersession without further notice being posted on this site. Changes and revisions to regulatory or statutory guidance subsequent to the effective date of this IL may affect its relevancy and accurateness. The IL is provided for informational purposes only.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MICHIGAN, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
As stipulated in '§191.25 for natural gas pipelines and '§195.56 for hazardous liquid pipelines, filing safety-related condition reports are required of each operator reporting safety-related conditions per '§191.23(a) or '§195.55(a).
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of October 2012.
Number of life insurance policyholders for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 08/31/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The WATERS Web and Database services provide open interfaces to complex analyses. These services make extensive use of the NHD and referenced program data in the RAD, and also integrate other WATERS program data. Designed as loosely coupled modular units, the services are developed in a common architecture.  Retrieves water-quality result data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of June 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TENNESSEE, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
FACA Committee Member Data collected and verified for FY 2009. The Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) database is used by Federal agencies to continuously manage an average of 1,000 advisory committees government-wide.  This database is also used by the Congress to perform oversight of related Executive Branch programs and by the public, the media, and others, to stay abreast of important developments resulting from advisory committee activities.   Although centrally supported by the General Services Administration's Committee Management Secretariat, the database represents a true "shared system" wherein each participating agency and individual committee manager has responsibility for providing accurate and timely information that may be used to assure that the system's wide array of users has access to data required by FACA.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TEXAS, as of October 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of October 2011.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The Natural Hazards Data and Information Viewer provides web map-based discovery, descriptions, and download capability for the global database of historical tsunamis, earthquakes, volcanoes, and other associated data at NOAA's National Geophysical Data Center.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VERMONT, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSISSIPPI, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TEXAS, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of April 2012.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A data file is provided on this page for the current registration year and each of the previous years. Each file contains information supplied by the registered company in the application that includes the specified year, including the company name and address, contact information, business classifications, associated identification numbers, and an indication of the activities requiring registration in which the company engages. Because amendments to existing registrations and new registrations for any year are possible, these files are updated regularly
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARIZONA, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of April 2012.
Monthly data on  deliveries of fossil fuels to electric generating facilities.
A data file is provided on this page for the current registration year and each of the previous years. Each file contains information supplied by the registered company in the application that includes the specified year, including the company name and address, contact information, business classifications, associated identification numbers, and an indication of the activities requiring registration in which the company engages. Because amendments to existing registrations and new registrations for any year are possible, these files are updated regularly
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Interactive Data and Mapping Tool provides users a way to access all post-2005 SAHIE data; in multiple formats; in a sleek, organized, and innovative way.   Currently, data can be downloaded as a Pdf, CSV or screenshot.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VIRGINIA, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WYOMING, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of June 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Tool list paleoclimatology data sets recently acquired by NOAA's National Climatic Data Center
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSISSIPPI, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of October 2011.
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2009estimates of health insurance coverage by age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level and by age, sex, and income categories at the county level. The Interactive Map tool is provided for ease of access to these data
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors. The meetings are held nationwide. In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone. The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes. Data are provided in delimited text files. Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case. Please review the codebook for variable information.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FOREIGN ADDRESSES, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of April 2012.
Provides the amount of Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) coverage by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the amount of VGLI coverage as of December 31, 2011.  For members who reside outside the United States, coverage is not identified by individual country.  The total amount of coverage was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Census Bureau's Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE) program produces estimates of health insurance coverage for states and all counties. These data are 2009 estimates of health insurance coverage by age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, and income categories at the state level and by age, sex, and income categories at the county level. The Interactive Map tool is provided for ease of access to these data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of October 2012.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MICHIGAN, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARIZONA, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of October 2012.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in DELAWARE, as of October 2011.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW MEXICO, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in USA TERRITORIES, as of April 2012.
A data file is provided on this page for the current registration year and each of the previous years. Each file contains information supplied by the registered company in the application that includes the specified year, including the company name and address, contact information, business classifications, associated identification numbers, and an indication of the activities requiring registration in which the company engages. Because amendments to existing registrations and new registrations for any year are possible, these files are updated regularly
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Displays that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Thank you for your interest in the Investing in Innovation (i3) Program!

You can use the tools below to look at general information about the applications, and you can also find specific applications that you would like to explore in more detail.

The data is sourced from supplemental forms as reported by applicants. The data from these forms may not be a full or accurate representation of the information provided in the formal application.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VERMONT, as of October 2011.
Dishwashers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient and use less water than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TENNESSEE, as of October 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH CAROLINA, as of April 2012.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FOREIGN ADDRESSES, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in PENNSYLVANIA, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Monthly data on  deliveries of fossil fuels to electric generating facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in UTAH, as of October 2011.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH CAROLINA, as of October 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of October 2011.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Imaging Equipment that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at http://www.energystar.gov.
Provides the number of Veterans insured under the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the active VGLI membership as of September 30, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, membership is not identified by individual country.  The total number of members was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in UTAH, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VIRGINIA, as of October 2012.
Civil Penalty Action Reports (summary tables in PDF format)
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW MEXICO, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Civil Penalty Action Reports (summary tables in PDF format)
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
This tool to gives you access to greenhouse gas data reported to EPA by large facilities and suppliers in the United States through EPA's Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program. The tool allows you to view data in several formats including maps, tables, charts and graphs for individual facilities or groups of facilities. You can search the data set for individual facilities by name or location or filter the data set by state or county , industry sectors and sub-sectors, annual facility emission thresholds, and greenhouse gas type.  For more information on the GHG Reporting Program and this data, please visit http://epa.gov/ghgreporting
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
This file contains a summary of the publicly available data from the GHG Reporting Program for 2010. This data includes non-confidential data reported by facilities that directly emit GHGs. The files also contain non-confidential information reported by suppliers of fossil fuels and industrial gases. This excel file contains the same information available in the Data Publication Tool. The file contains the most important, high-level information reported by direct emitters and suppliers and can be easily sorted to respond to many common queries.  Please visit http://epa.gov/ghgreporting for more information on the data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FOREIGN ADDRESSES, as of April 2012.
The program is designed to raise student achievement by improving teachers' knowledge and understanding of and appreciation for traditional U.S. history. Grant awards will assist LEAs, in partnership with entities that have content expertise, to develop, document, evaluate, and disseminate innovative and cohesive models of professional development. By helping teachers to develop a deeper understanding and appreciation of U.S. history as a separate subject matter within the core curriculum, these programs will improve instruction and raise student achievement.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
National survey that collects data from a sample of the resident population in the United States. Housing units in every county in the United States and municipio in Puerto Rico. The sample also includes institutional and non-institutional group quarters.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KENTUCKY, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Reports prepared by the Departments and Agencies on status of NEPA progress for activities and projects funded under Division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Commercial Dishwashers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient and use less water than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of October 2012.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2005.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Monthly data on  deliveries of fossil fuels to electric generating facilities.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
As part of its mandate under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires periodic reports from public and private employers, and unions and labor organizations which indicate the composition of their work forces by sex and by race/ethnic category. Key among these reports is the EEO-1, which is collected annually from Private employers with 100 or more employees or federal contractors with 50 more employees. The confidentiality provision which governs release of these data (Section 709 (e) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972) prohibits release of individually identifiable information. However, data in aggregated format for major geographic areas and by industry group for private employers (EEO-1) are available. The following tables are national aggregations by those industries with the greatest employment.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of October 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IDAHO, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WYOMING, as of January 2013.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of October 2012.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Information on donor contributions through the 2010 Combined Federal Campaign by local campaign. Data includes information on the number of donors, campaign costs, payroll deduction contributions, and recipient organizations.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TEXAS, as of October 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of October 2012.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
A data file is provided on this page for the current registration year and each of the previous years. Each file contains information supplied by the registered company in the application that includes the specified year, including the company name and address, contact information, business classifications, associated identification numbers, and an indication of the activities requiring registration in which the company engages. Because amendments to existing registrations and new registrations for any year are possible, these files are updated regularly
Provides the amount of Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) coverage by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the amount of VGLI coverage as of September 30, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, coverage is not identified by individual country.  The total amount of coverage was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
CPD Maps includes data on the locations of existing CDBG, HOME, public housing and other HUD-funded community assets, so that users can view past investments geographically when considering various strategies for future funding.  CPD Maps offers a large amount of data in a way that is easy to access. The website allows grantees and the general public to easily search, query, and display information to identify trends and analyze the needs of their community.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of October 2012.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in VERMONT, as of October 2012.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of October 2011.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of April 2012.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in UTAH, as of April 2012.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2009 through 2011. Available for geographic areas with populations of 20,000 or more.
Each person who files bankruptcy is required to attend a meeting of creditors and respond to questions under oath from the trustee and creditors.  The meetings are held nationwide.  In those locations where the room is controlled by the USTP, if a participant (debtor or creditor) has limited English proficiency, an interpreter is provided free of charge via a conference phone.  The number and type of languages interpreted, along with the location where the service was provided, is collected monthly by the USTP for oversight, billing, and statistical purposes.  Data are provided in delimited text files.  Each entry represents one interpreting session, which may include more than one case.  Please review the codebook for variable information.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of October 2012.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH CAROLINA, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of October 2012.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of April 2012.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in TENNESSEE, as of April 2012.
A data file is provided on this page for the current registration year and each of the previous years. Each file contains information supplied by the registered company in the application that includes the specified year, including the company name and address, contact information, business classifications, associated identification numbers, and an indication of the activities requiring registration in which the company engages. Because amendments to existing registrations and new registrations for any year are possible, these files are updated regularly
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEBRASKA, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEBRASKA, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in DELAWARE, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of October 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of October 2012.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Face value of insurance for each administered life insurance program listed by state. Data is current as of 08/31/12.  All programs are closed to new issues except for Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance and Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance.  United States Government Life Insurance was issued to WWI military personnel and Veterans.  National Service Life Insurance was established to meet the needs of WWII military personnel and Veterans.  Veterans' Special Life Insurance was issued to Korean War-era Veterans.  Veterans' Reopened Insurance provides coverage to certain classes of disabled Veterans from WWII and the Korean conflict who had dropped their government life insurance coverage.  Service-Disabled Veterans' Insurance was established in 1951 and is available to Veterans with service-connected disabilities.  Veterans' Mortgage Life Insurance was established in 1971 to provide mortgage protection life insurance to severely disabled Veterans who have received grants for the purchase of specially adapted housing.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in SOUTH DAKOTA, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
A data file is provided on this page for the current registration year and each of the previous years. Each file contains information supplied by the registered company in the application that includes the specified year, including the company name and address, contact information, business classifications, associated identification numbers, and an indication of the activities requiring registration in which the company engages. Because amendments to existing registrations and new registrations for any year are possible, these files are updated regularly
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2005- 2009. Data available for small geographies. Census tract and block group data are available in another dataset.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of April 2012.
Civil Penalty Action Reports (summary tables in PDF format)
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of October 2012.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of April 2012.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in RHODE ISLAND, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
As used in pipeline safety regulations, an incident is an event occurring on a natural gas pipeline for which the operator must make a report to the Office of Pipeline Safety. Events of similar magnitude affecting hazardous liquid pipelines are considered accidents. These data contain distribution, transmission, and liquid accident and incident data in a text table format and are used to develop Pipeline Incident and Mileage Reports.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARKANSAS, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Monthly data on  deliveries of fossil fuels to electric generating facilities.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IDAHO, as of April 2012.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Products that Incorporate Battery Chargers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Provides the amount of Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) coverage by state.  This report provides a snapshot of the amount of VGLI coverage as of June 30, 2012.  For members who reside outside the United States, coverage is not identified by individual country.  The total amount of coverage was captured to ensure 100% of the population was identified in the report.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2006. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2005. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of April 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSISSIPPI, as of October 2012.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Traffic Volume Trends montly report is a natinal data report that provides quality controlled vehicle miles traveled data for each State for all roadways
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Commercial Ovens that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
Audio/Video Products that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2005-2009.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Information on donor contributions through the 2010 Combined Federal Campaign by local campaign. Data includes information on the number of donors, campaign costs, payroll deduction contributions, and recipient organizations.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Pipeline operators (for gas distribution, gas transmission, and hazardous liquid pipelines) are required to submit an annual report to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's Office of Pipeline Safety. The report includes information about the operator, a description of their system (main, services), leaks eliminated/repaired during the year, excavation damage, excess flow valves, and other information. Beginning in 2010, the form also includes information regarding integrity management programs.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MICHIGAN, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of April 2012.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW YORK, as of January 2013.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
National survey that collects data from a sample of the resident population in the United States. Housing units in every county in the United States and municipio in Puerto Rico, including institutional and non-institutional group quarters, are included in the sample.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The 2011 Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) dataset contains the most current TRI data available and reflects toxic chemical releases and pollution prevention activities that occurred at TRI facilities during the 2011 calendar year.  You can use this dataset to find out what TRI-covered toxic chemicals are being produced and used at industrial facilities in your local area and how they are being managed. Please note that this dataset will change as the TRI Program continues to process TRI submissions.  The TRI Program provides this dataset annually in late July to give the public an opportunity to see the most recent TRI information prior to the publication of the TRI National Analysis report in December. To view National Analysis reports from previous years, please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of October 2012.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is a cooperative, voluntary program involving the DOT, DOD and the U.S. civil air carrier industry in a partnership to augment DOD aircraft capability during a national defense related crisis. Air carriers volunteer their aircraft to the CRAF program through contractual agreements with the air mobility command (AMC), located at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. In return, the participating carriers are given preference in carrying commercial peacetime cargo and passenger traffic for DOD.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSOURI, as of January 2013.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar years 2005-2009.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WEST VIRGINIA, as of January 2013.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Enterprise Servers that have earned the ENERGY STAR are more efficient than standard models. ENERGY STAR is the trusted symbol for energy efficiency helping consumers save money and protect the environment through energy-efficient products and practices.  More information on ENERGY STAR is available at www.energystar.gov.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) is a publicly available EPA database that contains information on toxic chemical releases and waste management activities reported annually by facilities in certain industries as well as federal facilities.  This data set contains TRI's Current Data, which is periodically updated to reflect revisions and withdrawals of TRI reports from previous Reporting Years.  For snapshots of TRI's annual data as it was initially released (without updates to reflect revisions and withdrawals), please consult TRI's archive of National Analysis data at http://www.epa.gov/tri/.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WISCONSIN, as of January 2013.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH CAROLINA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NORTH DAKOTA, as of January 2013.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KANSAS, as of January 2013.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2007. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OKLAHOMA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OHIO, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARIZONA, as of January 2013.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2006.
The State Traffic Safety Information (STSI) portal is part of the larger Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Encyclopedia. STSI provides state-by-state traffic safety profiles, including: crash data, lives saved/savable, legislation, economic costs, grant funding, alcohol related crash data, performance measures, and geographic maps of crash data.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in HAWAII, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ILLINOIS, as of January 2013.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2006.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW JERSEY, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in WASHINGTON DC, as of January 2013.
A nationwide survey that collects information such as age, race, income, commute time to work, home value, veteran status, and other data. Data from the American Community Survey and the Puerto Rico Community Survey were collected during calendar year 2005. Available for geographic areas with populations of 65,000 or more.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in KENTUCKY, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALABAMA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MICHIGAN, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in OREGON, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MASSACHUSETTS, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in INDIANA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FLORIDA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in GEORGIA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW MEXICO, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ARKANSAS, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MONTANA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MISSISSIPPI, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CALIFORNIA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in LOUISIANA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in CONNECTICUT, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in ALASKA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MARYLAND, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IOWA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in IDAHO, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in COLORADO, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEBRASKA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MINNESOTA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in MAINE, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in DELAWARE, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEVADA, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in NEW HAMPSHIRE, as of January 2013.
Gravesite locations of Veterans and beneficiaries in FOREIGN ADDRESSES, as of January 2013.
